=> Effective BatchSize = 24

===========Check Grad============
img_special_token True
mlm_projection True
lang_model.logit_scale True
lang_model.text.transformer.embeddings.word_embeddings.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.embeddings.position_embeddings.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.embeddings.token_type_embeddings.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.embeddings.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.embeddings.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.0.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.1.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.2.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.3.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.4.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.5.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.6.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.7.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.8.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.9.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.10.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.query.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.query.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.key.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.key.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.value.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.value.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.intermediate.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.intermediate.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.output.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.output.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.output.LayerNorm.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.encoder.layer.11.output.LayerNorm.bias True
lang_model.text.transformer.pooler.dense.weight True
lang_model.text.transformer.pooler.dense.bias True
lang_model.text.proj.0.weight True
lang_model.text.proj.2.weight True
img_proj.weight True
img_proj.bias True
img_proj_clip.weight True
img_proj_clip.bias True
fusion_module.type_embed True
fusion_module.pos_embed True
fusion_module.ln_init.weight True
fusion_module.ln_init.bias True
fusion_module.ln_type_init.weight True
fusion_module.ln_type_init.bias True
fusion_module.ln_position_init.weight True
fusion_module.ln_position_init.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.attn.in_proj_weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.attn.in_proj_bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.attn.out_proj.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.attn.out_proj.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.ln_1.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.ln_1.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.mlp.c_fc.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.mlp.c_fc.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.mlp.c_proj.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.mlp.c_proj.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.ln_2.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.0.ln_2.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.attn.in_proj_weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.attn.in_proj_bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.attn.out_proj.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.attn.out_proj.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.ln_1.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.ln_1.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.mlp.c_fc.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.mlp.c_fc.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.mlp.c_proj.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.mlp.c_proj.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.ln_2.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.1.ln_2.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.attn.in_proj_weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.attn.in_proj_bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.attn.out_proj.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.attn.out_proj.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.ln_1.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.ln_1.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.mlp.c_fc.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.mlp.c_fc.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.mlp.c_proj.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.mlp.c_proj.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.ln_2.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.2.ln_2.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.attn.in_proj_weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.attn.in_proj_bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.attn.out_proj.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.attn.out_proj.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.ln_1.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.ln_1.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.mlp.c_fc.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.mlp.c_fc.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.mlp.c_proj.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.mlp.c_proj.bias True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.ln_2.weight True
fusion_module.resblocks.3.ln_2.bias True
=================================

resume from checkpoint /media/engs2527//2TBSlow1/log-tmp_step1/2024_12_10_16_01_htm-pulseInter6-trans_len600_pos-learned_bs24_MILk2_lr2e-06/model/epoch799.pth.tar
Main loop starts
Epoch:[800][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3674 (10.3674)
Epoch:[800][ 1/18]	Time 1.58 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8667 (10.6171)
Epoch:[800][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2613 (10.8318)
Epoch:[800][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9066 (10.8505)
Epoch:[800][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9404 (10.8685)
Epoch:[800][ 5/18]	Time 1.59 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9795 (10.8870)
Epoch:[800][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8873 (10.8871)
Epoch:[800][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3273 (10.9421)
Epoch:[800][ 8/18]	Time 1.54 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3289 (10.8739)
Epoch:[800][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6982 (10.8564)
Epoch:[800][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9859 (10.8681)
Epoch:[800][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9620 (10.8760)
Epoch:[800][12/18]	Time 1.59 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1038 (10.8935)
Epoch:[800][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4116 (10.8591)
Epoch:[800][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0948 (10.8748)
Epoch:[800][15/18]	Time 1.60 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8276 (10.8718)
Epoch:[800][16/18]	Time 1.66 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4078 (10.9034)
Epoch:[800][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9449 (10.9057)
epoch 800 finished, takes 31.44106960296631 seconds
Epoch:[801][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3182 (11.3182)
Epoch:[801][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7800 (11.0491)
Epoch:[801][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9326 (11.0103)
Epoch:[801][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3137 (11.0861)
Epoch:[801][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0022 (11.0693)
Epoch:[801][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0904 (11.0728)
Epoch:[801][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.8223 (11.1799)
Epoch:[801][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0361 (11.1619)
Epoch:[801][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6339 (11.1033)
Epoch:[801][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8338 (11.0763)
Epoch:[801][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9188 (11.0620)
Epoch:[801][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8961 (11.0482)
Epoch:[801][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0372 (11.0473)
Epoch:[801][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4062 (11.0730)
Epoch:[801][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8911 (11.0608)
Epoch:[801][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0155 (11.0580)
Epoch:[801][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1787 (11.0651)
Epoch:[801][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3849 (11.0829)
epoch 801 finished, takes 33.266050815582275 seconds
Epoch:[802][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1987 (11.1987)
Epoch:[802][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9619 (11.0803)
Epoch:[802][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0348 (11.0652)
Epoch:[802][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7259 (10.9803)
Epoch:[802][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8422 (10.9527)
Epoch:[802][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9754 (10.9565)
Epoch:[802][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4494 (11.0269)
Epoch:[802][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8943 (11.0103)
Epoch:[802][ 8/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6505 (11.0815)
Epoch:[802][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8264 (11.0560)
Epoch:[802][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4968 (11.0960)
Epoch:[802][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4167 (11.1228)
Epoch:[802][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6046 (11.1598)
Epoch:[802][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8161 (11.1353)
Epoch:[802][14/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7859 (11.1120)
Epoch:[802][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6123 (11.1433)
Epoch:[802][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4179 (11.1006)
Epoch:[802][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3882 (11.1166)
epoch 802 finished, takes 33.583091735839844 seconds
Epoch:[803][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7743 (10.7743)
Epoch:[803][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2797 (11.0270)
Epoch:[803][ 2/18]	Time 1.64 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0236 (11.0259)
Epoch:[803][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1625 (11.0600)
Epoch:[803][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5002 (10.9481)
Epoch:[803][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0284 (10.9615)
Epoch:[803][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1900 (10.8513)
Epoch:[803][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3002 (10.9074)
Epoch:[803][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6337 (10.8770)
Epoch:[803][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2332 (10.9126)
Epoch:[803][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9033 (10.9117)
Epoch:[803][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0050 (10.9195)
Epoch:[803][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5372 (10.9670)
Epoch:[803][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8879 (10.9614)
Epoch:[803][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8955 (10.9570)
Epoch:[803][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0864 (10.9651)
Epoch:[803][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3766 (10.9893)
Epoch:[803][17/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1447 (10.9979)
epoch 803 finished, takes 33.351722240448 seconds
Epoch:[804][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5416 (11.5416)
Epoch:[804][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1803 (11.3609)
Epoch:[804][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8865 (11.2028)
Epoch:[804][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1090 (11.1793)
Epoch:[804][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6611 (11.0757)
Epoch:[804][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1144 (11.0821)
Epoch:[804][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0366 (11.0756)
Epoch:[804][ 7/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7411 (11.1588)
Epoch:[804][ 8/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7895 (11.1178)
Epoch:[804][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2782 (11.1338)
Epoch:[804][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9686 (11.1188)
Epoch:[804][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5515 (11.0715)
Epoch:[804][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4489 (11.1006)
Epoch:[804][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7734 (11.0772)
Epoch:[804][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8781 (11.0639)
Epoch:[804][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5131 (11.0295)
Epoch:[804][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7868 (11.0152)
Epoch:[804][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9175 (11.0098)
epoch 804 finished, takes 33.35010361671448 seconds
Epoch:[805][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7769 (10.7769)
Epoch:[805][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4303 (11.1036)
Epoch:[805][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5284 (11.2452)
Epoch:[805][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4173 (11.0382)
Epoch:[805][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0653 (11.0436)
Epoch:[805][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2101 (11.0714)
Epoch:[805][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0964 (11.0750)
Epoch:[805][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8189 (11.0429)
Epoch:[805][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9262 (11.0300)
Epoch:[805][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6609 (10.9931)
Epoch:[805][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7919 (10.9748)
Epoch:[805][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4616 (10.9320)
Epoch:[805][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2902 (10.9596)
Epoch:[805][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6155 (10.9350)
Epoch:[805][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0841 (10.9449)
Epoch:[805][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0328 (10.9504)
Epoch:[805][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8638 (10.9453)
Epoch:[805][17/18]	Time 1.49 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1472 (10.9010)
epoch 805 finished, takes 33.25264382362366 seconds
Epoch:[806][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7312 (10.7312)
Epoch:[806][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4618 (11.0965)
Epoch:[806][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2298 (11.1410)
Epoch:[806][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7013 (11.0310)
Epoch:[806][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9768 (11.0202)
Epoch:[806][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2036 (11.0507)
Epoch:[806][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1654 (11.0671)
Epoch:[806][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9630 (11.0541)
Epoch:[806][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6264 (11.0066)
Epoch:[806][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9330 (10.9992)
Epoch:[806][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.8758 (11.0789)
Epoch:[806][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4590 (11.0273)
Epoch:[806][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9313 (11.0199)
Epoch:[806][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9671 (11.0161)
Epoch:[806][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9926 (11.0145)
Epoch:[806][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9306 (11.0093)
Epoch:[806][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7323 (10.9930)
Epoch:[806][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5045 (10.9659)
epoch 806 finished, takes 34.07545042037964 seconds
Epoch:[807][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7552 (10.7552)
Epoch:[807][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9608 (10.8580)
Epoch:[807][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9395 (10.8852)
Epoch:[807][ 3/18]	Time 2.55 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9941 (10.9124)
Epoch:[807][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5589 (10.8417)
Epoch:[807][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6476 (10.8094)
Epoch:[807][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4298 (10.7551)
Epoch:[807][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7592 (10.7556)
Epoch:[807][ 8/18]	Time 2.33 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5530 (10.8442)
Epoch:[807][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9994 (10.8597)
Epoch:[807][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7081 (10.8460)
Epoch:[807][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8776 (10.8486)
Epoch:[807][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6269 (10.8315)
Epoch:[807][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4440 (10.8039)
Epoch:[807][14/18]	Time 1.60 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9965 (10.8167)
Epoch:[807][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2113 (10.8414)
Epoch:[807][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7424 (10.8355)
Epoch:[807][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8816 (10.8381)
epoch 807 finished, takes 33.84778189659119 seconds
Epoch:[808][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6088 (10.6088)
Epoch:[808][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0470 (10.8279)
Epoch:[808][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9316 (10.8625)
Epoch:[808][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6882 (10.8189)
Epoch:[808][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8683 (10.8288)
Epoch:[808][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0106 (10.8591)
Epoch:[808][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9982 (10.8790)
Epoch:[808][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8693 (10.8777)
Epoch:[808][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8988 (10.8801)
Epoch:[808][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1129 (10.9034)
Epoch:[808][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2040 (10.9307)
Epoch:[808][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2008 (10.9532)
Epoch:[808][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7563 (10.9380)
Epoch:[808][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2557 (10.9607)
Epoch:[808][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5946 (11.0030)
Epoch:[808][15/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9311 (10.9985)
Epoch:[808][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8840 (10.9918)
Epoch:[808][17/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5417 (10.9668)
epoch 808 finished, takes 33.78713345527649 seconds
Epoch:[809][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7201 (10.7201)
Epoch:[809][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3375 (11.0288)
Epoch:[809][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4700 (11.1759)
Epoch:[809][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2486 (11.1941)
Epoch:[809][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7363 (11.1025)
Epoch:[809][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7173 (11.0383)
Epoch:[809][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7462 (10.9966)
Epoch:[809][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8473 (10.9779)
Epoch:[809][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1072 (10.9923)
Epoch:[809][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0710 (11.0002)
Epoch:[809][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5945 (10.9633)
Epoch:[809][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3900 (10.9988)
Epoch:[809][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6510 (10.9721)
Epoch:[809][13/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3900 (10.9305)
Epoch:[809][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9196 (10.9298)
Epoch:[809][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9943 (10.9338)
Epoch:[809][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8816 (10.9307)
Epoch:[809][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7221 (10.9192)
epoch 809 finished, takes 33.935739040374756 seconds
Epoch:[810][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2623 (11.2623)
Epoch:[810][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4910 (11.3766)
Epoch:[810][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5960 (11.4498)
Epoch:[810][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2444 (11.3984)
Epoch:[810][ 4/18]	Time 2.39 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4041 (11.3995)
Epoch:[810][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7971 (11.2991)
Epoch:[810][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5383 (11.3333)
Epoch:[810][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9813 (11.2893)
Epoch:[810][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8036 (11.2353)
Epoch:[810][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1684 (11.2287)
Epoch:[810][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6756 (11.1784)
Epoch:[810][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3821 (11.1953)
Epoch:[810][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0781 (11.1863)
Epoch:[810][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1400 (11.1830)
Epoch:[810][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0194 (11.1721)
Epoch:[810][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7132 (11.1434)
Epoch:[810][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9887 (11.1343)
Epoch:[810][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0842 (11.1315)
epoch 810 finished, takes 34.11812210083008 seconds
Epoch:[811][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9728 (10.9728)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6446041377389102  precision:  0.6488899021463894  f1:  0.6153291803730465 perclass recall:  [0.98502496 0.60926773 0.74372057 0.24733866 0.63766877]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.75793363551533  precision:  0.7697006284843175  f1:  0.7580794673742086 perclass recall:  [0.95590143 0.62916667 0.81696429 0.72789116 0.7164557  0.67567568
 0.78612717 0.75528701]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7032281015880075  precision:  0.7067588032856368  f1:  0.6958489914350925 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96671196 0.91782946 0.40267176 0.9030303  0.57940447]
Epoch:[811][ 1/18]	Time 13.57 (7.81)	Data 11.42 (5.71)	Loss 11.0000 (10.9864)
Epoch:[811][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (5.84)	Data 0.00 (3.81)	Loss 10.9455 (10.9728)
Epoch:[811][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (4.83)	Data 0.00 (2.86)	Loss 10.8583 (10.9442)
Epoch:[811][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (4.25)	Data 0.00 (2.29)	Loss 11.4180 (11.0390)
Epoch:[811][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (3.84)	Data 0.00 (1.90)	Loss 11.5395 (11.1224)
Epoch:[811][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (3.58)	Data 0.00 (1.63)	Loss 10.7939 (11.0754)
Epoch:[811][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (3.34)	Data 0.00 (1.43)	Loss 11.0685 (11.0746)
Epoch:[811][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (3.16)	Data 0.00 (1.27)	Loss 10.6342 (11.0256)
Epoch:[811][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (3.02)	Data 0.00 (1.14)	Loss 10.2501 (10.9481)
Epoch:[811][10/18]	Time 1.78 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 10.6797 (10.9237)
Epoch:[811][11/18]	Time 2.04 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 10.8334 (10.9162)
Epoch:[811][12/18]	Time 1.93 (2.76)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 10.8847 (10.9137)
Epoch:[811][13/18]	Time 1.89 (2.70)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 11.7308 (10.9721)
Epoch:[811][14/18]	Time 1.94 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 11.1621 (10.9848)
Epoch:[811][15/18]	Time 1.70 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 10.7833 (10.9722)
Epoch:[811][16/18]	Time 1.90 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 10.8874 (10.9672)
Epoch:[811][17/18]	Time 1.75 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 11.3556 (10.9888)
epoch 811 finished, takes 45.10097861289978 seconds
Epoch:[812][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9163 (10.9163)
Epoch:[812][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0961 (11.0062)
Epoch:[812][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0406 (11.0177)
Epoch:[812][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6483 (10.9253)
Epoch:[812][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0023 (10.9407)
Epoch:[812][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4233 (11.0212)
Epoch:[812][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9243 (11.0073)
Epoch:[812][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1233 (11.0218)
Epoch:[812][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7597 (10.9927)
Epoch:[812][ 9/18]	Time 1.63 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8674 (10.9802)
Epoch:[812][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4658 (10.9334)
Epoch:[812][11/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7540 (10.9185)
Epoch:[812][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8784 (10.9154)
Epoch:[812][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3325 (10.8737)
Epoch:[812][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3085 (10.9027)
Epoch:[812][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0105 (10.9095)
Epoch:[812][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3191 (10.9336)
Epoch:[812][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0108 (10.9378)
epoch 812 finished, takes 33.25768780708313 seconds
Epoch:[813][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8075 (10.8075)
Epoch:[813][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7014 (10.7545)
Epoch:[813][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6804 (10.7298)
Epoch:[813][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4107 (10.9000)
Epoch:[813][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4666 (11.0133)
Epoch:[813][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9651 (11.0053)
Epoch:[813][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9975 (11.0042)
Epoch:[813][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9403 (10.9962)
Epoch:[813][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.8978 (11.0964)
Epoch:[813][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1331 (11.1000)
Epoch:[813][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6027 (11.0548)
Epoch:[813][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8294 (11.0360)
Epoch:[813][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0397 (11.0363)
Epoch:[813][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2465 (11.0513)
Epoch:[813][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9384 (11.0438)
Epoch:[813][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0378 (11.0434)
Epoch:[813][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5947 (11.0170)
Epoch:[813][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0680 (11.0199)
epoch 813 finished, takes 33.98755383491516 seconds
Epoch:[814][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0799 (11.0799)
Epoch:[814][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0184 (11.0491)
Epoch:[814][ 2/18]	Time 2.30 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7916 (10.9633)
Epoch:[814][ 3/18]	Time 2.12 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3436 (11.0584)
Epoch:[814][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8665 (11.0200)
Epoch:[814][ 5/18]	Time 1.59 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6381 (10.9563)
Epoch:[814][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8546 (10.9418)
Epoch:[814][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8202 (10.9266)
Epoch:[814][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9389 (10.9280)
Epoch:[814][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8514 (10.9203)
Epoch:[814][10/18]	Time 1.62 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7656 (10.9063)
Epoch:[814][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1168 (10.9238)
Epoch:[814][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4143 (10.8846)
Epoch:[814][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4654 (10.9261)
Epoch:[814][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3952 (10.8907)
Epoch:[814][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9007 (10.8913)
Epoch:[814][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0077 (10.8982)
Epoch:[814][17/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8430 (10.8951)
epoch 814 finished, takes 33.815325021743774 seconds
Epoch:[815][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5590 (10.5590)
Epoch:[815][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5960 (10.5775)
Epoch:[815][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4784 (10.5445)
Epoch:[815][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4423 (10.7689)
Epoch:[815][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2987 (10.8749)
Epoch:[815][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6224 (10.8328)
Epoch:[815][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4956 (10.9275)
Epoch:[815][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0726 (10.9456)
Epoch:[815][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6780 (10.9159)
Epoch:[815][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1679 (10.9411)
Epoch:[815][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7292 (10.9218)
Epoch:[815][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2833 (10.9519)
Epoch:[815][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4764 (10.9923)
Epoch:[815][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1115 (11.0008)
Epoch:[815][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6673 (10.9786)
Epoch:[815][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9510 (10.9768)
Epoch:[815][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8255 (10.9679)
Epoch:[815][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7575 (10.9562)
epoch 815 finished, takes 33.46452569961548 seconds
Epoch:[816][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1228 (11.1228)
Epoch:[816][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0554 (11.0891)
Epoch:[816][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8076 (10.9953)
Epoch:[816][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5731 (10.8897)
Epoch:[816][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0130 (10.9144)
Epoch:[816][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1129 (10.9475)
Epoch:[816][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8408 (10.9322)
Epoch:[816][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6952 (10.9026)
Epoch:[816][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6190 (10.8711)
Epoch:[816][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8986 (10.8738)
Epoch:[816][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3896 (10.8298)
Epoch:[816][11/18]	Time 2.28 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5216 (10.8875)
Epoch:[816][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7274 (10.8752)
Epoch:[816][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6003 (10.8555)
Epoch:[816][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6916 (10.8446)
Epoch:[816][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0334 (10.8564)
Epoch:[816][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1648 (10.8745)
Epoch:[816][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6931 (10.8645)
epoch 816 finished, takes 33.757978200912476 seconds
Epoch:[817][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0991 (11.0991)
Epoch:[817][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8881 (10.9936)
Epoch:[817][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8750 (10.9541)
Epoch:[817][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4458 (10.8270)
Epoch:[817][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 12.0108 (11.0638)
Epoch:[817][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8241 (11.0238)
Epoch:[817][ 6/18]	Time 1.54 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3611 (10.9291)
Epoch:[817][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6632 (10.8959)
Epoch:[817][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5857 (10.9725)
Epoch:[817][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6896 (10.9442)
Epoch:[817][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8825 (10.9386)
Epoch:[817][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4121 (10.8947)
Epoch:[817][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1075 (10.9111)
Epoch:[817][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8340 (10.9056)
Epoch:[817][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5632 (10.8828)
Epoch:[817][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6402 (10.8676)
Epoch:[817][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7149 (10.8586)
Epoch:[817][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9278 (10.8625)
epoch 817 finished, takes 33.186503171920776 seconds
Epoch:[818][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0062 (11.0062)
Epoch:[818][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2984 (11.1523)
Epoch:[818][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7950 (11.0332)
Epoch:[818][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9551 (11.0137)
Epoch:[818][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9942 (11.0098)
Epoch:[818][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3125 (11.0602)
Epoch:[818][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0106 (11.0531)
Epoch:[818][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2369 (11.0761)
Epoch:[818][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9438 (11.0614)
Epoch:[818][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1756 (11.0728)
Epoch:[818][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1186 (11.0770)
Epoch:[818][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1427 (11.0825)
Epoch:[818][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8452 (11.0642)
Epoch:[818][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3284 (11.0117)
Epoch:[818][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7886 (10.9968)
Epoch:[818][15/18]	Time 2.30 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5738 (11.0329)
Epoch:[818][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7747 (11.0177)
Epoch:[818][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1951 (11.0275)
epoch 818 finished, takes 34.16017389297485 seconds
Epoch:[819][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6685 (10.6685)
Epoch:[819][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8766 (10.7726)
Epoch:[819][ 2/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9399 (10.8283)
Epoch:[819][ 3/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9140 (10.8498)
Epoch:[819][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4339 (10.9666)
Epoch:[819][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9141 (10.9579)
Epoch:[819][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2231 (10.9957)
Epoch:[819][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1248 (11.0119)
Epoch:[819][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9317 (11.0030)
Epoch:[819][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4373 (10.9464)
Epoch:[819][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8999 (10.9422)
Epoch:[819][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8037 (10.9306)
Epoch:[819][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7529 (10.9170)
Epoch:[819][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9630 (10.9202)
Epoch:[819][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8956 (10.9186)
Epoch:[819][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8501 (10.9143)
Epoch:[819][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7384 (10.9040)
Epoch:[819][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6496 (10.8898)
epoch 819 finished, takes 33.31400012969971 seconds
Epoch:[820][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7192 (10.7192)
Epoch:[820][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9889 (10.8541)
Epoch:[820][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3700 (11.0260)
Epoch:[820][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1198 (11.0495)
Epoch:[820][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6651 (10.9726)
Epoch:[820][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6013 (10.9107)
Epoch:[820][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8269 (10.8987)
Epoch:[820][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1086 (10.9250)
Epoch:[820][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0308 (10.9367)
Epoch:[820][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6705 (10.9101)
Epoch:[820][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0910 (10.8357)
Epoch:[820][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7970 (10.9158)
Epoch:[820][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1196 (10.9314)
Epoch:[820][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8907 (10.9285)
Epoch:[820][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7437 (10.9162)
Epoch:[820][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8088 (10.9095)
Epoch:[820][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2977 (10.9323)
Epoch:[820][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8351 (10.9269)
epoch 820 finished, takes 33.38067388534546 seconds
Epoch:[821][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6169 (10.6169)
Epoch:[821][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1464 (10.8817)
Epoch:[821][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3806 (10.7146)
Epoch:[821][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6029 (10.6867)
Epoch:[821][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0476 (10.7589)
Epoch:[821][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1169 (10.8186)
Epoch:[821][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6058 (10.7882)
Epoch:[821][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6668 (10.8980)
Epoch:[821][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6761 (10.8733)
Epoch:[821][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9179 (10.8778)
Epoch:[821][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7622 (10.8673)
Epoch:[821][11/18]	Time 2.29 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7386 (10.9399)
Epoch:[821][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8671 (10.9343)
Epoch:[821][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1158 (10.9473)
Epoch:[821][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2210 (10.9655)
Epoch:[821][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4020 (10.9303)
Epoch:[821][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5543 (10.9082)
Epoch:[821][17/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7447 (10.8991)
epoch 821 finished, takes 33.37451171875 seconds
Epoch:[822][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3887 (10.3887)
Epoch:[822][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6466 (10.5177)
Epoch:[822][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3738 (10.8030)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6422689808635652  precision:  0.650224608947126  f1:  0.6116915336476504 perclass recall:  [0.98573806 0.65045767 0.74215071 0.22438456 0.60861391]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7576998251365697  precision:  0.7714961965278353  f1:  0.7583527133063179 perclass recall:  [0.95071336 0.63541667 0.80803571 0.71201814 0.73164557 0.68796069
 0.77649326 0.75931521]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7028111938807573  precision:  0.7092613649036742  f1:  0.6966297357742256 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96399457 0.91627907 0.39885496 0.9030303  0.58498759]
Epoch:[822][ 3/18]	Time 13.22 (4.66)	Data 11.33 (2.83)	Loss 10.5421 (10.7378)
Epoch:[822][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (4.08)	Data 0.00 (2.27)	Loss 10.7369 (10.7376)
Epoch:[822][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (3.69)	Data 0.00 (1.89)	Loss 11.0111 (10.7832)
Epoch:[822][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (3.46)	Data 0.00 (1.62)	Loss 11.1474 (10.8352)
Epoch:[822][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (3.25)	Data 0.00 (1.42)	Loss 10.6309 (10.8097)
Epoch:[822][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (3.12)	Data 0.00 (1.26)	Loss 10.8858 (10.8182)
Epoch:[822][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (3.01)	Data 0.00 (1.13)	Loss 10.8548 (10.8218)
Epoch:[822][10/18]	Time 1.77 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 10.8916 (10.8282)
Epoch:[822][11/18]	Time 1.89 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 10.5340 (10.8037)
Epoch:[822][12/18]	Time 1.73 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 10.5468 (10.7839)
Epoch:[822][13/18]	Time 1.98 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 10.7973 (10.7849)
Epoch:[822][14/18]	Time 1.73 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 11.4412 (10.8286)
Epoch:[822][15/18]	Time 2.02 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 10.5752 (10.8128)
Epoch:[822][16/18]	Time 1.72 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 10.9052 (10.8182)
Epoch:[822][17/18]	Time 2.01 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 11.3093 (10.8455)
epoch 822 finished, takes 44.97418141365051 seconds
Epoch:[823][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2275 (10.2275)
Epoch:[823][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1771 (10.7023)
Epoch:[823][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8532 (10.7526)
Epoch:[823][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1640 (10.8554)
Epoch:[823][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9760 (10.8796)
Epoch:[823][ 5/18]	Time 2.38 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4230 (10.9701)
Epoch:[823][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7143 (10.9336)
Epoch:[823][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3528 (10.8610)
Epoch:[823][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0270 (10.8794)
Epoch:[823][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1348 (10.9050)
Epoch:[823][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4692 (10.8653)
Epoch:[823][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0822 (10.8834)
Epoch:[823][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5461 (10.8575)
Epoch:[823][13/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3509 (10.8213)
Epoch:[823][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0333 (10.8354)
Epoch:[823][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8849 (10.8385)
Epoch:[823][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0673 (10.8520)
Epoch:[823][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7652 (10.9027)
epoch 823 finished, takes 33.88952612876892 seconds
Epoch:[824][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9285 (10.9285)
Epoch:[824][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6616 (11.2950)
Epoch:[824][ 2/18]	Time 2.07 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8329 (11.1410)
Epoch:[824][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4005 (11.2059)
Epoch:[824][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5419 (11.2731)
Epoch:[824][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0203 (11.2309)
Epoch:[824][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3465 (11.2474)
Epoch:[824][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1440 (11.2345)
Epoch:[824][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4903 (11.1518)
Epoch:[824][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7108 (11.1077)
Epoch:[824][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3858 (11.1330)
Epoch:[824][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6866 (11.0958)
Epoch:[824][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0429 (11.0917)
Epoch:[824][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6304 (11.0588)
Epoch:[824][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8773 (11.0467)
Epoch:[824][15/18]	Time 1.57 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1024 (11.0502)
Epoch:[824][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8626 (11.0391)
Epoch:[824][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4481 (11.0619)
epoch 824 finished, takes 33.73865747451782 seconds
Epoch:[825][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4604 (10.4604)
Epoch:[825][ 1/18]	Time 1.59 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6118 (10.5361)
Epoch:[825][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9690 (10.6804)
Epoch:[825][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9513 (10.7481)
Epoch:[825][ 4/18]	Time 2.24 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.8145 (10.9614)
Epoch:[825][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4695 (10.8794)
Epoch:[825][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2028 (10.9256)
Epoch:[825][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6229 (10.8878)
Epoch:[825][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0922 (10.9105)
Epoch:[825][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8213 (10.9016)
Epoch:[825][10/18]	Time 1.62 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6283 (10.8767)
Epoch:[825][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0242 (10.8890)
Epoch:[825][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3072 (10.9212)
Epoch:[825][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9899 (10.9261)
Epoch:[825][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7266 (10.9128)
Epoch:[825][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6693 (10.8976)
Epoch:[825][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0757 (10.9081)
Epoch:[825][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6394 (10.9487)
epoch 825 finished, takes 33.351887702941895 seconds
Epoch:[826][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0294 (11.0294)
Epoch:[826][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7926 (10.9110)
Epoch:[826][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6725 (10.8315)
Epoch:[826][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2013 (10.9239)
Epoch:[826][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5208 (10.8433)
Epoch:[826][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5546 (10.9619)
Epoch:[826][ 6/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7816 (10.9361)
Epoch:[826][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1137 (10.9583)
Epoch:[826][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6022 (11.0299)
Epoch:[826][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0669 (11.0336)
Epoch:[826][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4841 (11.0745)
Epoch:[826][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9173 (11.0614)
Epoch:[826][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1856 (11.0710)
Epoch:[826][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2292 (11.0823)
Epoch:[826][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1197 (11.0848)
Epoch:[826][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6607 (11.0583)
Epoch:[826][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2563 (11.0111)
Epoch:[826][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9088 (11.0054)
epoch 826 finished, takes 34.57101249694824 seconds
Epoch:[827][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7841 (10.7841)
Epoch:[827][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6609 (10.7225)
Epoch:[827][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8983 (10.7811)
Epoch:[827][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7671 (10.7776)
Epoch:[827][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5694 (10.7360)
Epoch:[827][ 5/18]	Time 2.22 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3757 (10.8426)
Epoch:[827][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7784 (10.8334)
Epoch:[827][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4437 (10.7847)
Epoch:[827][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8048 (10.7869)
Epoch:[827][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9605 (10.8043)
Epoch:[827][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5034 (10.7769)
Epoch:[827][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6856 (10.7693)
Epoch:[827][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2379 (10.8054)
Epoch:[827][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5287 (10.8570)
Epoch:[827][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0615 (10.8707)
Epoch:[827][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1446 (10.8878)
Epoch:[827][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0982 (10.9002)
Epoch:[827][17/18]	Time 1.58 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5853 (10.8827)
epoch 827 finished, takes 34.18745422363281 seconds
Epoch:[828][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5312 (11.5312)
Epoch:[828][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7932 (11.1622)
Epoch:[828][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4863 (11.2702)
Epoch:[828][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2717 (11.2706)
Epoch:[828][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9155 (11.1996)
Epoch:[828][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8954 (11.1489)
Epoch:[828][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1162 (11.1442)
Epoch:[828][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8974 (11.1134)
Epoch:[828][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8675 (11.0860)
Epoch:[828][ 9/18]	Time 1.60 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5690 (11.0343)
Epoch:[828][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0016 (11.0314)
Epoch:[828][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4974 (10.9869)
Epoch:[828][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5054 (11.0267)
Epoch:[828][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5161 (10.9903)
Epoch:[828][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8114 (10.9783)
Epoch:[828][15/18]	Time 2.18 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9520 (10.9767)
Epoch:[828][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9546 (10.9754)
Epoch:[828][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2873 (10.9927)
epoch 828 finished, takes 33.696183919906616 seconds
Epoch:[829][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7453 (10.7453)
Epoch:[829][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5617 (10.6535)
Epoch:[829][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1342 (10.8137)
Epoch:[829][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3762 (10.9543)
Epoch:[829][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4220 (10.8479)
Epoch:[829][ 5/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0277 (10.8778)
Epoch:[829][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5627 (10.8328)
Epoch:[829][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1997 (10.8787)
Epoch:[829][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2950 (10.9249)
Epoch:[829][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0272 (10.9352)
Epoch:[829][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8490 (10.9273)
Epoch:[829][11/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7521 (10.9127)
Epoch:[829][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8635 (10.9089)
Epoch:[829][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8047 (10.9015)
Epoch:[829][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8676 (10.8992)
Epoch:[829][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5869 (10.8797)
Epoch:[829][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2965 (10.9042)
Epoch:[829][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5329 (10.8836)
epoch 829 finished, takes 33.769521713256836 seconds
Epoch:[830][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9236 (10.9236)
Epoch:[830][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0259 (10.9747)
Epoch:[830][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3491 (11.0995)
Epoch:[830][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6585 (10.9893)
Epoch:[830][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6799 (10.9274)
Epoch:[830][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5661 (10.8672)
Epoch:[830][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1113 (10.9021)
Epoch:[830][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8426 (10.8946)
Epoch:[830][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1186 (10.9195)
Epoch:[830][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0356 (10.9311)
Epoch:[830][10/18]	Time 1.62 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8138 (10.9205)
Epoch:[830][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7931 (10.9099)
Epoch:[830][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9662 (10.9142)
Epoch:[830][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8331 (10.9084)
Epoch:[830][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5873 (10.9537)
Epoch:[830][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1340 (10.9649)
Epoch:[830][16/18]	Time 1.64 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9276 (10.9627)
Epoch:[830][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8605 (10.9570)
epoch 830 finished, takes 33.588139057159424 seconds
Epoch:[831][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5855 (10.5855)
Epoch:[831][ 1/18]	Time 2.24 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6090 (11.0972)
Epoch:[831][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3872 (11.1939)
Epoch:[831][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8689 (11.1126)
Epoch:[831][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7745 (11.0450)
Epoch:[831][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8951 (11.0200)
Epoch:[831][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2112 (10.9045)
Epoch:[831][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0440 (10.9219)
Epoch:[831][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6661 (10.8935)
Epoch:[831][ 9/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0970 (10.9139)
Epoch:[831][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4755 (10.9649)
Epoch:[831][11/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9240 (10.9615)
Epoch:[831][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8753 (10.9549)
Epoch:[831][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7129 (10.9376)
Epoch:[831][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7110 (10.9225)
Epoch:[831][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1470 (10.9365)
Epoch:[831][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9685 (10.9384)
Epoch:[831][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1458 (10.9499)
epoch 831 finished, takes 33.888362884521484 seconds
Epoch:[832][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7367 (10.7367)
Epoch:[832][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5136 (10.6252)
Epoch:[832][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1785 (10.8096)
Epoch:[832][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3755 (10.9511)
Epoch:[832][ 4/18]	Time 1.63 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7947 (10.9198)
Epoch:[832][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6290 (10.8713)
Epoch:[832][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2041 (10.7760)
Epoch:[832][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5629 (10.7494)
Epoch:[832][ 8/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6926 (10.7431)
Epoch:[832][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4076 (10.8095)
Epoch:[832][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6650 (10.7964)
Epoch:[832][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1442 (10.8254)
Epoch:[832][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2964 (10.8616)
Epoch:[832][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8443 (10.8604)
Epoch:[832][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8100 (10.8570)
Epoch:[832][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9665 (10.8638)
Epoch:[832][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1551 (10.8810)
Epoch:[832][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7900 (10.8759)
epoch 832 finished, takes 33.22790718078613 seconds
Epoch:[833][ 0/18]	Time 2.22 (2.22)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2725 (11.2725)
Epoch:[833][ 1/18]	Time 1.63 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8699 (11.0712)
Epoch:[833][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3448 (11.1624)
Epoch:[833][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1419 (11.1573)
Epoch:[833][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9862 (11.1231)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6432659975391988  precision:  0.6518705062697187  f1:  0.6118912032538306 perclass recall:  [0.98288567 0.65775172 0.74450549 0.22188955 0.60929756]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7571163937080616  precision:  0.7715672771773743  f1:  0.7594781540486546 perclass recall:  [0.961738   0.63125    0.80803571 0.74376417 0.71139241 0.65110565
 0.7822736  0.7673716 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7064777740433382  precision:  0.7122295971068228  f1:  0.6989536283072932 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96331522 0.9379845  0.38931298 0.90454545 0.58560794]
Epoch:[833][ 5/18]	Time 12.99 (3.75)	Data 11.13 (1.86)	Loss 10.8586 (11.0790)
Epoch:[833][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (3.46)	Data 0.00 (1.59)	Loss 10.6266 (11.0144)
Epoch:[833][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (3.25)	Data 0.00 (1.39)	Loss 11.4816 (11.0728)
Epoch:[833][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (3.09)	Data 0.00 (1.24)	Loss 10.8810 (11.0515)
Epoch:[833][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (2.97)	Data 0.00 (1.11)	Loss 10.3128 (10.9776)
Epoch:[833][10/18]	Time 2.01 (2.88)	Data 0.00 (1.01)	Loss 10.9443 (10.9746)
Epoch:[833][11/18]	Time 1.95 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.93)	Loss 11.1368 (10.9881)
Epoch:[833][12/18]	Time 1.98 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 11.2499 (11.0082)
Epoch:[833][13/18]	Time 1.90 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 11.5986 (11.0504)
Epoch:[833][14/18]	Time 1.87 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 10.8647 (11.0380)
Epoch:[833][15/18]	Time 2.13 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 10.9419 (11.0320)
Epoch:[833][16/18]	Time 1.85 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 11.6007 (11.0655)
Epoch:[833][17/18]	Time 1.88 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 10.8613 (11.0541)
epoch 833 finished, takes 45.233482122421265 seconds
Epoch:[834][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0170 (11.0170)
Epoch:[834][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9599 (10.9885)
Epoch:[834][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6083 (10.8618)
Epoch:[834][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5666 (10.7880)
Epoch:[834][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1436 (10.8591)
Epoch:[834][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1458 (10.9069)
Epoch:[834][ 6/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4059 (10.9782)
Epoch:[834][ 7/18]	Time 2.27 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8946 (10.9677)
Epoch:[834][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2556 (10.9997)
Epoch:[834][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5665 (11.0564)
Epoch:[834][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8005 (11.0331)
Epoch:[834][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4186 (10.9819)
Epoch:[834][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5940 (10.9521)
Epoch:[834][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1446 (10.9658)
Epoch:[834][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0904 (10.9741)
Epoch:[834][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9214 (10.9708)
Epoch:[834][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9474 (10.9695)
Epoch:[834][17/18]	Time 2.17 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7601 (10.9578)
epoch 834 finished, takes 33.89193773269653 seconds
Epoch:[835][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1254 (11.1254)
Epoch:[835][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1166 (11.1210)
Epoch:[835][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8936 (11.0452)
Epoch:[835][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9292 (11.0162)
Epoch:[835][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2681 (10.8666)
Epoch:[835][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0167 (10.8916)
Epoch:[835][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9360 (10.8979)
Epoch:[835][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2879 (10.9467)
Epoch:[835][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3492 (10.9914)
Epoch:[835][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0206 (10.9943)
Epoch:[835][10/18]	Time 1.57 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5873 (10.9573)
Epoch:[835][11/18]	Time 1.58 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4060 (10.9114)
Epoch:[835][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8511 (10.9068)
Epoch:[835][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6301 (10.8870)
Epoch:[835][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4545 (10.9248)
Epoch:[835][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9129 (10.9241)
Epoch:[835][16/18]	Time 1.54 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9321 (10.9246)
Epoch:[835][17/18]	Time 1.63 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5288 (10.9026)
epoch 835 finished, takes 31.959413290023804 seconds
Epoch:[836][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3529 (10.3529)
Epoch:[836][ 1/18]	Time 2.16 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9062 (10.6295)
Epoch:[836][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6209 (10.6267)
Epoch:[836][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3031 (10.7958)
Epoch:[836][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8032 (10.7973)
Epoch:[836][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1118 (10.8497)
Epoch:[836][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6455 (10.8205)
Epoch:[836][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9401 (10.8355)
Epoch:[836][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7802 (10.8293)
Epoch:[836][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6574 (10.8121)
Epoch:[836][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9116 (10.8212)
Epoch:[836][11/18]	Time 2.24 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1655 (10.8499)
Epoch:[836][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9743 (10.8594)
Epoch:[836][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5394 (10.8366)
Epoch:[836][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0395 (10.8501)
Epoch:[836][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0592 (10.8632)
Epoch:[836][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0956 (10.8768)
Epoch:[836][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1079 (10.8897)
epoch 836 finished, takes 34.29258155822754 seconds
Epoch:[837][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2609 (11.2609)
Epoch:[837][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8278 (11.0444)
Epoch:[837][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5036 (10.8641)
Epoch:[837][ 3/18]	Time 2.16 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3964 (10.9972)
Epoch:[837][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4051 (11.0788)
Epoch:[837][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8532 (11.0412)
Epoch:[837][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6947 (10.9917)
Epoch:[837][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0509 (10.9991)
Epoch:[837][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9466 (10.9933)
Epoch:[837][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3630 (11.0302)
Epoch:[837][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4719 (10.9795)
Epoch:[837][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9568 (10.9776)
Epoch:[837][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6220 (10.9502)
Epoch:[837][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0595 (10.9581)
Epoch:[837][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5836 (10.9331)
Epoch:[837][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1701 (10.9479)
Epoch:[837][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8194 (10.9403)
Epoch:[837][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6654 (10.9251)
epoch 837 finished, takes 33.78730058670044 seconds
Epoch:[838][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4360 (10.4360)
Epoch:[838][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3617 (10.8988)
Epoch:[838][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3335 (10.7104)
Epoch:[838][ 3/18]	Time 1.61 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8010 (10.7330)
Epoch:[838][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1725 (10.8209)
Epoch:[838][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6969 (10.8002)
Epoch:[838][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2051 (10.8581)
Epoch:[838][ 7/18]	Time 1.61 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9629 (10.8712)
Epoch:[838][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1161 (10.8984)
Epoch:[838][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8124 (10.8898)
Epoch:[838][10/18]	Time 2.17 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9061 (10.8913)
Epoch:[838][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8250 (10.8858)
Epoch:[838][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9797 (10.8930)
Epoch:[838][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8928 (10.8930)
Epoch:[838][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.8355 (10.9558)
Epoch:[838][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1020 (10.9649)
Epoch:[838][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5475 (10.9404)
Epoch:[838][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5048 (10.9162)
epoch 838 finished, takes 32.8856041431427 seconds
Epoch:[839][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8271 (10.8271)
Epoch:[839][ 1/18]	Time 1.64 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4005 (11.1138)
Epoch:[839][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5378 (10.9218)
Epoch:[839][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8603 (10.9064)
Epoch:[839][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6096 (10.8471)
Epoch:[839][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2418 (10.9128)
Epoch:[839][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3578 (10.8336)
Epoch:[839][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2686 (10.8879)
Epoch:[839][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4675 (10.8412)
Epoch:[839][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0049 (10.8576)
Epoch:[839][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8528 (10.8572)
Epoch:[839][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0333 (10.8718)
Epoch:[839][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8548 (10.8705)
Epoch:[839][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7346 (10.8608)
Epoch:[839][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9031 (10.8636)
Epoch:[839][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0107 (10.8728)
Epoch:[839][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9313 (10.8763)
Epoch:[839][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0393 (10.8853)
epoch 839 finished, takes 33.64707827568054 seconds
Epoch:[840][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6730 (10.6730)
Epoch:[840][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0286 (10.8508)
Epoch:[840][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6850 (10.7956)
Epoch:[840][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1334 (10.8800)
Epoch:[840][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7338 (11.0508)
Epoch:[840][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0580 (11.0520)
Epoch:[840][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8614 (11.0247)
Epoch:[840][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8411 (11.0018)
Epoch:[840][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3227 (11.0374)
Epoch:[840][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6437 (10.9981)
Epoch:[840][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9433 (10.9931)
Epoch:[840][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5827 (10.9589)
Epoch:[840][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8260 (10.9487)
Epoch:[840][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8011 (10.9381)
Epoch:[840][14/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7775 (10.9274)
Epoch:[840][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9791 (10.9306)
Epoch:[840][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3084 (10.9529)
Epoch:[840][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6981 (10.9387)
epoch 840 finished, takes 34.412192583084106 seconds
Epoch:[841][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6795 (10.6795)
Epoch:[841][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0144 (10.8469)
Epoch:[841][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7903 (10.8281)
Epoch:[841][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8328 (10.8292)
Epoch:[841][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3721 (10.9378)
Epoch:[841][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6846 (10.8956)
Epoch:[841][ 6/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6381 (10.8588)
Epoch:[841][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9939 (10.8757)
Epoch:[841][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1796 (10.9095)
Epoch:[841][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4030 (10.8588)
Epoch:[841][10/18]	Time 1.54 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6570 (10.8405)
Epoch:[841][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0216 (10.8556)
Epoch:[841][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9563 (10.8633)
Epoch:[841][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7701 (10.8567)
Epoch:[841][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0979 (10.8728)
Epoch:[841][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2360 (10.8955)
Epoch:[841][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6974 (10.8838)
Epoch:[841][17/18]	Time 1.59 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2223 (10.8471)
epoch 841 finished, takes 33.18745994567871 seconds
Epoch:[842][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2296 (11.2296)
Epoch:[842][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3813 (10.8054)
Epoch:[842][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0736 (10.8948)
Epoch:[842][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2389 (10.9809)
Epoch:[842][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8763 (10.9599)
Epoch:[842][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7150 (10.9191)
Epoch:[842][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7632 (10.8968)
Epoch:[842][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6860 (10.8705)
Epoch:[842][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0798 (10.8938)
Epoch:[842][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6664 (10.8710)
Epoch:[842][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0142 (10.8840)
Epoch:[842][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8489 (10.8811)
Epoch:[842][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0244 (10.8921)
Epoch:[842][13/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1197 (10.9084)
Epoch:[842][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4901 (10.9472)
Epoch:[842][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4838 (10.9182)
Epoch:[842][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2255 (10.9363)
Epoch:[842][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0708 (10.9438)
epoch 842 finished, takes 34.234586000442505 seconds
Epoch:[843][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0080 (11.0080)
Epoch:[843][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1249 (11.0664)
Epoch:[843][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0216 (11.0515)
Epoch:[843][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1492 (11.0759)
Epoch:[843][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6008 (10.9809)
Epoch:[843][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8487 (10.9589)
Epoch:[843][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7403 (10.9276)
Epoch:[843][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8827 (10.9220)
Epoch:[843][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6152 (10.8879)
Epoch:[843][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9044 (10.8896)
Epoch:[843][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1879 (10.9167)
Epoch:[843][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4801 (10.8803)
Epoch:[843][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7030 (10.8667)
Epoch:[843][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7240 (10.9279)
Epoch:[843][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5361 (10.9018)
Epoch:[843][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3656 (10.9308)
Epoch:[843][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2634 (10.8915)
Epoch:[843][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8840 (10.8911)
epoch 843 finished, takes 34.37628436088562 seconds
Epoch:[844][ 0/18]	Time 1.60 (1.60)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4983 (10.4983)
Epoch:[844][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7273 (10.6128)
Epoch:[844][ 2/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4281 (10.8846)
Epoch:[844][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2231 (10.9692)
Epoch:[844][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8837 (10.9521)
Epoch:[844][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8642 (10.9375)
Epoch:[844][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7910 (10.9165)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6433067732242581  precision:  0.6493920565032993  f1:  0.6138113373637617 perclass recall:  [0.98692655 0.63458238 0.74372057 0.24234864 0.60895573]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7574572618193953  precision:  0.7676764666463146  f1:  0.7557841040365694 perclass recall:  [0.95071336 0.62083333 0.80803571 0.71201814 0.73924051 0.69287469
 0.79576108 0.74018127]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7050194257552275  precision:  0.7062540443475159  f1:  0.6958714016612357 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96875    0.94108527 0.40267176 0.90151515 0.5719603 ]
Epoch:[844][ 7/18]	Time 13.21 (3.32)	Data 11.17 (1.40)	Loss 11.1616 (10.9472)
Epoch:[844][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (3.15)	Data 0.00 (1.24)	Loss 10.9733 (10.9501)
Epoch:[844][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (3.01)	Data 0.00 (1.12)	Loss 10.6237 (10.9174)
Epoch:[844][10/18]	Time 1.82 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.02)	Loss 10.8367 (10.9101)
Epoch:[844][11/18]	Time 1.88 (2.82)	Data 0.00 (0.93)	Loss 10.2652 (10.8564)
Epoch:[844][12/18]	Time 1.92 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 10.6657 (10.8417)
Epoch:[844][13/18]	Time 1.85 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 10.5724 (10.8225)
Epoch:[844][14/18]	Time 1.65 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 11.2660 (10.8520)
Epoch:[844][15/18]	Time 1.83 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 11.0251 (10.8628)
Epoch:[844][16/18]	Time 1.71 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 10.5328 (10.8434)
Epoch:[844][17/18]	Time 1.87 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 11.0860 (10.8569)
epoch 844 finished, takes 44.638471841812134 seconds
Epoch:[845][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0397 (10.0397)
Epoch:[845][ 1/18]	Time 1.73 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9035 (10.4716)
Epoch:[845][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1883 (10.7105)
Epoch:[845][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2296 (10.8403)
Epoch:[845][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1447 (10.9012)
Epoch:[845][ 5/18]	Time 1.60 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8285 (10.8891)
Epoch:[845][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3561 (10.9558)
Epoch:[845][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5587 (10.9061)
Epoch:[845][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7480 (10.8886)
Epoch:[845][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6613 (10.8658)
Epoch:[845][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8101 (10.8608)
Epoch:[845][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0493 (10.8765)
Epoch:[845][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5474 (10.8512)
Epoch:[845][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3328 (10.8141)
Epoch:[845][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2080 (10.8404)
Epoch:[845][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9503 (10.8473)
Epoch:[845][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3762 (10.8784)
Epoch:[845][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2929 (10.9014)
epoch 845 finished, takes 32.571680545806885 seconds
Epoch:[846][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3607 (11.3607)
Epoch:[846][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9842 (11.1725)
Epoch:[846][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1154 (11.1534)
Epoch:[846][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1186 (11.1447)
Epoch:[846][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6354 (11.0429)
Epoch:[846][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6936 (10.9847)
Epoch:[846][ 6/18]	Time 2.27 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4191 (11.0467)
Epoch:[846][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2104 (10.9422)
Epoch:[846][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9745 (10.9458)
Epoch:[846][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4481 (10.9960)
Epoch:[846][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6197 (10.9618)
Epoch:[846][11/18]	Time 2.30 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1059 (10.9738)
Epoch:[846][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9204 (10.9697)
Epoch:[846][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5414 (10.9391)
Epoch:[846][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8494 (10.9331)
Epoch:[846][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8654 (10.9289)
Epoch:[846][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5689 (10.9077)
Epoch:[846][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0480 (10.9155)
epoch 846 finished, takes 34.25559449195862 seconds
Epoch:[847][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6281 (11.6281)
Epoch:[847][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1120 (11.3701)
Epoch:[847][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6775 (11.1392)
Epoch:[847][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8967 (11.0786)
Epoch:[847][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7929 (11.0215)
Epoch:[847][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8947 (11.0003)
Epoch:[847][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3772 (10.9113)
Epoch:[847][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2744 (10.8317)
Epoch:[847][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9192 (10.8414)
Epoch:[847][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8661 (10.8439)
Epoch:[847][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3543 (10.8903)
Epoch:[847][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8846 (10.8898)
Epoch:[847][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7442 (10.8786)
Epoch:[847][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5075 (10.8521)
Epoch:[847][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8347 (10.8509)
Epoch:[847][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5645 (10.8330)
Epoch:[847][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8533 (10.8342)
Epoch:[847][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6540 (10.8242)
epoch 847 finished, takes 33.515586614608765 seconds
Epoch:[848][ 0/18]	Time 2.10 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8120 (10.8120)
Epoch:[848][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2677 (11.0398)
Epoch:[848][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5968 (10.8922)
Epoch:[848][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2475 (10.9810)
Epoch:[848][ 4/18]	Time 1.61 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9131 (10.9674)
Epoch:[848][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6418 (10.9131)
Epoch:[848][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2252 (10.9577)
Epoch:[848][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1642 (10.9835)
Epoch:[848][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6228 (10.9434)
Epoch:[848][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0104 (10.9501)
Epoch:[848][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0356 (10.9579)
Epoch:[848][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2218 (10.9799)
Epoch:[848][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0748 (10.9872)
Epoch:[848][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2604 (10.9353)
Epoch:[848][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7908 (10.9257)
Epoch:[848][15/18]	Time 2.17 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8584 (10.9215)
Epoch:[848][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6109 (10.9032)
Epoch:[848][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7176 (10.8929)
epoch 848 finished, takes 33.43407225608826 seconds
Epoch:[849][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7554 (10.7554)
Epoch:[849][ 1/18]	Time 2.23 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0610 (10.9082)
Epoch:[849][ 2/18]	Time 2.19 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8393 (10.8852)
Epoch:[849][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7701 (10.8564)
Epoch:[849][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4397 (10.9731)
Epoch:[849][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3347 (10.8667)
Epoch:[849][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2141 (10.9163)
Epoch:[849][ 7/18]	Time 2.15 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6516 (10.8832)
Epoch:[849][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9715 (10.8930)
Epoch:[849][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3663 (10.9404)
Epoch:[849][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6356 (10.9127)
Epoch:[849][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3475 (10.8656)
Epoch:[849][12/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2350 (10.8940)
Epoch:[849][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1419 (10.8403)
Epoch:[849][14/18]	Time 1.56 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6902 (10.8303)
Epoch:[849][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6600 (10.8196)
Epoch:[849][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0923 (10.8357)
Epoch:[849][17/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5576 (10.8758)
epoch 849 finished, takes 34.1981463432312 seconds
Epoch:[850][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6671 (10.6671)
Epoch:[850][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6153 (10.6412)
Epoch:[850][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3498 (10.5441)
Epoch:[850][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0030 (10.6588)
Epoch:[850][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1777 (10.7626)
Epoch:[850][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6449 (10.7430)
Epoch:[850][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6426 (10.8715)
Epoch:[850][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1133 (10.9017)
Epoch:[850][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6318 (10.9829)
Epoch:[850][ 9/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4397 (10.9285)
Epoch:[850][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9721 (10.9325)
Epoch:[850][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1457 (10.9503)
Epoch:[850][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9331 (10.9489)
Epoch:[850][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6463 (10.9273)
Epoch:[850][14/18]	Time 2.20 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1557 (10.9426)
Epoch:[850][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7966 (10.9334)
Epoch:[850][16/18]	Time 1.54 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5965 (10.9136)
Epoch:[850][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7452 (10.9043)
epoch 850 finished, takes 34.042651891708374 seconds
Epoch:[851][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2835 (11.2835)
Epoch:[851][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0259 (11.1547)
Epoch:[851][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2044 (11.1713)
Epoch:[851][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9814 (11.1238)
Epoch:[851][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0971 (11.1185)
Epoch:[851][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7707 (11.0605)
Epoch:[851][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5024 (11.1236)
Epoch:[851][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9907 (11.1070)
Epoch:[851][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8194 (11.0751)
Epoch:[851][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7650 (11.0441)
Epoch:[851][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8375 (11.0253)
Epoch:[851][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7525 (11.0026)
Epoch:[851][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2653 (11.0228)
Epoch:[851][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7104 (11.0004)
Epoch:[851][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1661 (11.0115)
Epoch:[851][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8449 (11.0011)
Epoch:[851][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5797 (10.9763)
Epoch:[851][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7531 (10.9639)
epoch 851 finished, takes 33.15851378440857 seconds
Epoch:[852][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0727 (11.0727)
Epoch:[852][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6968 (10.8847)
Epoch:[852][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9670 (10.9121)
Epoch:[852][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8945 (10.9077)
Epoch:[852][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0813 (10.9424)
Epoch:[852][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9973 (10.9516)
Epoch:[852][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9807 (10.9557)
Epoch:[852][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1505 (10.9801)
Epoch:[852][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7404 (10.9535)
Epoch:[852][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1657 (10.9747)
Epoch:[852][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6163 (11.0330)
Epoch:[852][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7917 (11.0129)
Epoch:[852][12/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9747 (11.0100)
Epoch:[852][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6972 (10.9876)
Epoch:[852][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7031 (10.9687)
Epoch:[852][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5914 (10.9451)
Epoch:[852][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1086 (10.8959)
Epoch:[852][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8447 (10.8930)
epoch 852 finished, takes 33.750306129455566 seconds
Epoch:[853][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5884 (10.5884)
Epoch:[853][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9502 (10.7693)
Epoch:[853][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5562 (10.6983)
Epoch:[853][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9496 (10.7611)
Epoch:[853][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6139 (10.7317)
Epoch:[853][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6220 (10.7134)
Epoch:[853][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4681 (10.6784)
Epoch:[853][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8427 (10.6989)
Epoch:[853][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8841 (10.7195)
Epoch:[853][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6837 (10.7159)
Epoch:[853][10/18]	Time 2.16 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6664 (10.7114)
Epoch:[853][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0026 (10.7357)
Epoch:[853][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6609 (10.7299)
Epoch:[853][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5714 (10.7186)
Epoch:[853][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2069 (10.7511)
Epoch:[853][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6868 (10.7471)
Epoch:[853][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3966 (10.7853)
Epoch:[853][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5008 (10.7695)
epoch 853 finished, takes 33.36289668083191 seconds
Epoch:[854][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8706 (10.8706)
Epoch:[854][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1172 (10.4939)
Epoch:[854][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0861 (10.6913)
Epoch:[854][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0883 (10.7906)
Epoch:[854][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2860 (10.8896)
Epoch:[854][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6951 (11.0239)
Epoch:[854][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8513 (10.9992)
Epoch:[854][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3959 (11.0488)
Epoch:[854][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5754 (11.1073)
Epoch:[854][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8059 (11.0772)
Epoch:[854][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0050 (11.0706)
Epoch:[854][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5438 (11.0267)
Epoch:[854][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8321 (11.0117)
Epoch:[854][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9528 (11.0075)
Epoch:[854][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1046 (10.9473)
Epoch:[854][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8838 (10.9434)
Epoch:[854][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2886 (10.9049)
Epoch:[854][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8791 (10.9034)
epoch 854 finished, takes 33.956268310546875 seconds
Epoch:[855][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7816 (10.7816)
Epoch:[855][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8437 (10.8126)
Epoch:[855][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1508 (10.9254)
Epoch:[855][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9175 (10.9234)
Epoch:[855][ 4/18]	Time 2.22 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6675 (10.8722)
Epoch:[855][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5854 (10.8244)
Epoch:[855][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8747 (10.8316)
Epoch:[855][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7349 (10.8195)
Epoch:[855][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9999 (10.8396)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6412332266900826  precision:  0.648659929086248  f1:  0.6096727371405457 perclass recall:  [0.98597575 0.63300915 0.74372057 0.22305389 0.62040677]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7636473386125464  precision:  0.77486202126497  f1:  0.7641349259718674 perclass recall:  [0.9461738  0.66458333 0.796875   0.74829932 0.70632911 0.68058968
 0.79190751 0.77442095]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7087719653924749  precision:  0.7109872035991227  f1:  0.7017063320135009 perclass recall:  [0.47486034 0.96331522 0.93178295 0.39885496 0.8969697  0.58684864]
Epoch:[855][ 9/18]	Time 13.44 (3.02)	Data 11.62 (1.16)	Loss 11.1165 (10.8672)
Epoch:[855][10/18]	Time 2.11 (2.94)	Data 0.00 (1.06)	Loss 11.2339 (10.9006)
Epoch:[855][11/18]	Time 1.66 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.97)	Loss 10.8762 (10.8985)
Epoch:[855][12/18]	Time 1.83 (2.76)	Data 0.00 (0.89)	Loss 10.7368 (10.8861)
Epoch:[855][13/18]	Time 1.90 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.83)	Loss 10.9665 (10.8918)
Epoch:[855][14/18]	Time 1.82 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.78)	Loss 11.0015 (10.8992)
Epoch:[855][15/18]	Time 1.65 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.73)	Loss 10.0771 (10.8478)
Epoch:[855][16/18]	Time 1.78 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 10.4756 (10.8259)
Epoch:[855][17/18]	Time 1.83 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.3227 (10.7979)
epoch 855 finished, takes 44.814494371414185 seconds
Epoch:[856][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7876 (10.7876)
Epoch:[856][ 1/18]	Time 2.17 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1103 (10.9489)
Epoch:[856][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0394 (10.9791)
Epoch:[856][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9298 (10.9667)
Epoch:[856][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9112 (10.9556)
Epoch:[856][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0615 (10.9733)
Epoch:[856][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9708 (10.9729)
Epoch:[856][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1149 (10.9907)
Epoch:[856][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8582 (10.9760)
Epoch:[856][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3435 (10.9127)
Epoch:[856][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6080 (10.8850)
Epoch:[856][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6917 (10.8689)
Epoch:[856][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7864 (10.8626)
Epoch:[856][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0534 (10.8762)
Epoch:[856][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8821 (10.8766)
Epoch:[856][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8092 (10.8724)
Epoch:[856][16/18]	Time 2.21 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8679 (10.8721)
Epoch:[856][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7408 (10.8648)
epoch 856 finished, takes 33.71319389343262 seconds
Epoch:[857][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2354 (11.2354)
Epoch:[857][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6017 (10.9186)
Epoch:[857][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6305 (10.8225)
Epoch:[857][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8792 (10.8367)
Epoch:[857][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0050 (10.8704)
Epoch:[857][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7643 (10.8527)
Epoch:[857][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1353 (10.8931)
Epoch:[857][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0594 (10.9139)
Epoch:[857][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1992 (10.9456)
Epoch:[857][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6226 (10.9133)
Epoch:[857][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2009 (10.9394)
Epoch:[857][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4979 (10.9860)
Epoch:[857][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0662 (10.9921)
Epoch:[857][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4868 (10.9560)
Epoch:[857][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1335 (10.9679)
Epoch:[857][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5516 (10.9419)
Epoch:[857][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9530 (10.9425)
Epoch:[857][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0148 (10.9465)
epoch 857 finished, takes 34.17551040649414 seconds
Epoch:[858][ 0/18]	Time 2.29 (2.29)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7251 (11.7251)
Epoch:[858][ 1/18]	Time 1.55 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9776 (11.3514)
Epoch:[858][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3844 (11.0290)
Epoch:[858][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6995 (10.9466)
Epoch:[858][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7474 (10.9068)
Epoch:[858][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8362 (10.8950)
Epoch:[858][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7233 (10.8705)
Epoch:[858][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5648 (10.8323)
Epoch:[858][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2679 (10.8807)
Epoch:[858][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6977 (10.8624)
Epoch:[858][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2585 (10.8984)
Epoch:[858][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2346 (10.9264)
Epoch:[858][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5783 (10.8996)
Epoch:[858][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8079 (10.8931)
Epoch:[858][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4204 (10.8616)
Epoch:[858][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6390 (10.9102)
Epoch:[858][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0534 (10.9186)
Epoch:[858][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5054 (10.8956)
epoch 858 finished, takes 33.74238634109497 seconds
Epoch:[859][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7983 (10.7983)
Epoch:[859][ 1/18]	Time 1.59 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9358 (10.8670)
Epoch:[859][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7736 (11.1692)
Epoch:[859][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4379 (10.9864)
Epoch:[859][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8819 (10.9655)
Epoch:[859][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4963 (10.8873)
Epoch:[859][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3512 (10.8107)
Epoch:[859][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6650 (10.7925)
Epoch:[859][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7265 (10.7852)
Epoch:[859][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3615 (10.7428)
Epoch:[859][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7743 (10.7457)
Epoch:[859][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4305 (10.7194)
Epoch:[859][12/18]	Time 2.20 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3199 (10.7656)
Epoch:[859][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7717 (10.7660)
Epoch:[859][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2215 (10.7964)
Epoch:[859][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2710 (10.7636)
Epoch:[859][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3440 (10.7389)
Epoch:[859][17/18]	Time 2.24 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6022 (10.7868)
epoch 859 finished, takes 33.60810112953186 seconds
Epoch:[860][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2481 (11.2481)
Epoch:[860][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3382 (11.2932)
Epoch:[860][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1858 (10.9241)
Epoch:[860][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9558 (10.9320)
Epoch:[860][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5953 (10.8647)
Epoch:[860][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7581 (10.8469)
Epoch:[860][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4722 (10.7934)
Epoch:[860][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0343 (10.8235)
Epoch:[860][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5123 (10.7889)
Epoch:[860][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5406 (10.7641)
Epoch:[860][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7986 (10.7672)
Epoch:[860][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7407 (10.7650)
Epoch:[860][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8405 (10.7708)
Epoch:[860][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8476 (10.7763)
Epoch:[860][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9504 (10.7879)
Epoch:[860][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2336 (10.7533)
Epoch:[860][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1772 (10.7782)
Epoch:[860][17/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8780 (10.7837)
epoch 860 finished, takes 33.101266384124756 seconds
Epoch:[861][ 0/18]	Time 1.52 (1.52)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4624 (10.4624)
Epoch:[861][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8301 (10.6462)
Epoch:[861][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4811 (10.5912)
Epoch:[861][ 3/18]	Time 1.62 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2633 (10.5092)
Epoch:[861][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9206 (10.5915)
Epoch:[861][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5925 (10.5917)
Epoch:[861][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5617 (10.5874)
Epoch:[861][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8099 (10.6152)
Epoch:[861][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1539 (10.6751)
Epoch:[861][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7478 (10.6823)
Epoch:[861][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6448 (10.6789)
Epoch:[861][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7460 (10.6845)
Epoch:[861][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7635 (10.6906)
Epoch:[861][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8708 (10.7035)
Epoch:[861][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9985 (10.7231)
Epoch:[861][15/18]	Time 2.21 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5354 (10.7739)
Epoch:[861][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2258 (10.8005)
Epoch:[861][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9844 (10.8107)
epoch 861 finished, takes 33.645429849624634 seconds
Epoch:[862][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9898 (10.9898)
Epoch:[862][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2488 (11.1193)
Epoch:[862][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1401 (11.1262)
Epoch:[862][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7302 (11.0272)
Epoch:[862][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8724 (10.9963)
Epoch:[862][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8695 (10.9751)
Epoch:[862][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9463 (10.9710)
Epoch:[862][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6850 (11.0603)
Epoch:[862][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6386 (11.0134)
Epoch:[862][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5289 (10.9650)
Epoch:[862][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9559 (10.9641)
Epoch:[862][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9961 (10.9668)
Epoch:[862][12/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0239 (10.9712)
Epoch:[862][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6738 (10.9500)
Epoch:[862][14/18]	Time 1.59 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7252 (10.9350)
Epoch:[862][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0939 (10.9449)
Epoch:[862][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1947 (10.9596)
Epoch:[862][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3203 (10.9241)
epoch 862 finished, takes 33.77210879325867 seconds
Epoch:[863][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5961 (10.5961)
Epoch:[863][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1582 (10.8772)
Epoch:[863][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2193 (10.9912)
Epoch:[863][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4087 (10.8456)
Epoch:[863][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3899 (10.7544)
Epoch:[863][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2872 (10.6766)
Epoch:[863][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6843 (10.8205)
Epoch:[863][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3917 (10.7669)
Epoch:[863][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4539 (10.7322)
Epoch:[863][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9051 (10.7495)
Epoch:[863][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7786 (10.7521)
Epoch:[863][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7132 (10.7489)
Epoch:[863][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5317 (10.7322)
Epoch:[863][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9193 (10.7455)
Epoch:[863][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7751 (10.8142)
Epoch:[863][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9838 (10.8248)
Epoch:[863][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6382 (10.8138)
Epoch:[863][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6508 (10.8047)
epoch 863 finished, takes 33.83360695838928 seconds
Epoch:[864][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1925 (11.1925)
Epoch:[864][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7652 (10.9789)
Epoch:[864][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0081 (10.9886)
Epoch:[864][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0503 (11.0040)
Epoch:[864][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6636 (10.9359)
Epoch:[864][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8508 (10.9218)
Epoch:[864][ 6/18]	Time 1.58 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6624 (10.8847)
Epoch:[864][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6212 (10.8518)
Epoch:[864][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7096 (10.8360)
Epoch:[864][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5673 (10.8091)
Epoch:[864][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8051 (10.8087)
Epoch:[864][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5071 (10.7836)
Epoch:[864][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8373 (10.7877)
Epoch:[864][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7771 (10.7870)
Epoch:[864][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0747 (10.8061)
Epoch:[864][15/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2978 (10.7744)
Epoch:[864][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7514 (10.7730)
Epoch:[864][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0655 (10.7893)
epoch 864 finished, takes 33.75840187072754 seconds
Epoch:[865][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8525 (10.8525)
Epoch:[865][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1255 (10.4890)
Epoch:[865][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4130 (10.4637)
Epoch:[865][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4077 (10.6997)
Epoch:[865][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6556 (10.6909)
Epoch:[865][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3154 (10.7950)
Epoch:[865][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1150 (10.8407)
Epoch:[865][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3000 (10.7731)
Epoch:[865][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8248 (10.7788)
Epoch:[865][ 9/18]	Time 2.31 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2563 (10.8266)
Epoch:[865][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0303 (10.8451)
Epoch:[865][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8811 (10.8481)
Epoch:[865][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0797 (10.8659)
Epoch:[865][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2285 (10.8918)
Epoch:[865][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3638 (10.9233)
Epoch:[865][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1340 (10.9364)
Epoch:[865][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2669 (10.9559)
Epoch:[865][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7016 (10.9973)
epoch 865 finished, takes 33.84797143936157 seconds
Epoch:[866][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9334 (10.9334)
Epoch:[866][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3445 (10.6390)
Epoch:[866][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5242 (10.6007)
Epoch:[866][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5133 (10.5789)
Epoch:[866][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7949 (10.6221)
Epoch:[866][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7198 (10.6384)
Epoch:[866][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2915 (10.7317)
Epoch:[866][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8885 (10.7513)
Epoch:[866][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0161 (10.7807)
Epoch:[866][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7466 (10.7773)
Epoch:[866][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6896 (10.7693)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6446889105711335  precision:  0.6530592268044915  f1:  0.6135290105779936 perclass recall:  [0.98668885 0.6478833  0.74215071 0.22255489 0.62416681]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7642881898086297  precision:  0.7743125881498617  f1:  0.7622595812878665 perclass recall:  [0.93904021 0.63333333 0.80580357 0.69614512 0.75696203 0.71253071
 0.81117534 0.75931521]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7007924845234182  precision:  0.7084178068764605  f1:  0.695430124343844 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96399457 0.90232558 0.39503817 0.9        0.58808933]
Epoch:[866][11/18]	Time 13.39 (2.77)	Data 11.24 (0.94)	Loss 10.9040 (10.7805)
Epoch:[866][12/18]	Time 1.82 (2.70)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 10.7496 (10.7782)
Epoch:[866][13/18]	Time 1.93 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 10.4288 (10.7532)
Epoch:[866][14/18]	Time 1.82 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 10.3363 (10.7254)
Epoch:[866][15/18]	Time 2.03 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 11.2126 (10.7559)
Epoch:[866][16/18]	Time 2.00 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 11.1713 (10.7803)
Epoch:[866][17/18]	Time 1.76 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 10.7815 (10.7804)
epoch 866 finished, takes 44.654388189315796 seconds
Epoch:[867][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4062 (11.4062)
Epoch:[867][ 1/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3466 (11.3764)
Epoch:[867][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2300 (11.3276)
Epoch:[867][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3330 (11.0789)
Epoch:[867][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7991 (11.0230)
Epoch:[867][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8578 (10.9954)
Epoch:[867][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2699 (11.0347)
Epoch:[867][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9710 (11.0267)
Epoch:[867][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9598 (11.0193)
Epoch:[867][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5424 (10.9716)
Epoch:[867][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0298 (10.9769)
Epoch:[867][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8173 (10.9636)
Epoch:[867][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7896 (10.9502)
Epoch:[867][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1463 (10.9642)
Epoch:[867][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4222 (10.9281)
Epoch:[867][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6454 (10.9104)
Epoch:[867][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6205 (10.8933)
Epoch:[867][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6001 (10.8771)
epoch 867 finished, takes 33.34956479072571 seconds
Epoch:[868][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8507 (10.8507)
Epoch:[868][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5080 (10.6793)
Epoch:[868][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9691 (10.7759)
Epoch:[868][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9501 (10.8195)
Epoch:[868][ 4/18]	Time 1.59 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7861 (10.8128)
Epoch:[868][ 5/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6371 (10.7835)
Epoch:[868][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7420 (10.7776)
Epoch:[868][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6237 (10.7584)
Epoch:[868][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1960 (10.8070)
Epoch:[868][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6790 (10.7942)
Epoch:[868][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4235 (10.7605)
Epoch:[868][11/18]	Time 1.57 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6527 (10.7515)
Epoch:[868][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8693 (10.7606)
Epoch:[868][13/18]	Time 1.57 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2282 (10.7225)
Epoch:[868][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0886 (10.7469)
Epoch:[868][15/18]	Time 2.15 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7312 (10.7460)
Epoch:[868][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3637 (10.7823)
Epoch:[868][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2291 (10.8071)
epoch 868 finished, takes 33.699612855911255 seconds
Epoch:[869][ 0/18]	Time 1.58 (1.58)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6244 (10.6244)
Epoch:[869][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2629 (10.9437)
Epoch:[869][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0672 (10.9848)
Epoch:[869][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4080 (10.8406)
Epoch:[869][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6947 (10.8114)
Epoch:[869][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3906 (10.7413)
Epoch:[869][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8328 (10.7544)
Epoch:[869][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3310 (10.7014)
Epoch:[869][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1088 (10.7467)
Epoch:[869][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7286 (10.7449)
Epoch:[869][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2564 (10.7914)
Epoch:[869][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7709 (10.7897)
Epoch:[869][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1420 (10.8168)
Epoch:[869][13/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9631 (10.8272)
Epoch:[869][14/18]	Time 1.58 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5301 (10.8074)
Epoch:[869][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1229 (10.8271)
Epoch:[869][16/18]	Time 1.60 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8415 (10.8280)
Epoch:[869][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3665 (10.8023)
epoch 869 finished, takes 33.00155329704285 seconds
Epoch:[870][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7011 (10.7011)
Epoch:[870][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0150 (10.8580)
Epoch:[870][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5846 (10.7669)
Epoch:[870][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5461 (10.7117)
Epoch:[870][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5282 (10.6750)
Epoch:[870][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2210 (10.5993)
Epoch:[870][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1151 (10.6730)
Epoch:[870][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6853 (10.6745)
Epoch:[870][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9074 (10.7004)
Epoch:[870][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7399 (10.7044)
Epoch:[870][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6924 (10.7033)
Epoch:[870][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3158 (10.7543)
Epoch:[870][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9309 (10.7679)
Epoch:[870][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9130 (10.7783)
Epoch:[870][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3896 (10.7523)
Epoch:[870][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5269 (10.7382)
Epoch:[870][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7934 (10.7415)
Epoch:[870][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1575 (10.7646)
epoch 870 finished, takes 32.92857527732849 seconds
Epoch:[871][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1318 (11.1318)
Epoch:[871][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1428 (11.1373)
Epoch:[871][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7513 (11.0086)
Epoch:[871][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8968 (10.7307)
Epoch:[871][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8951 (10.7636)
Epoch:[871][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0871 (10.8175)
Epoch:[871][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7748 (10.8114)
Epoch:[871][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5577 (10.7797)
Epoch:[871][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8973 (10.7927)
Epoch:[871][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7730 (10.7908)
Epoch:[871][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9856 (10.7176)
Epoch:[871][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7978 (10.7243)
Epoch:[871][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0280 (10.7476)
Epoch:[871][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1986 (10.7084)
Epoch:[871][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4247 (10.6895)
Epoch:[871][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5802 (10.6827)
Epoch:[871][16/18]	Time 2.16 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6328 (10.6797)
Epoch:[871][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2665 (10.7123)
epoch 871 finished, takes 33.657390832901 seconds
Epoch:[872][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6227 (10.6227)
Epoch:[872][ 1/18]	Time 1.50 (1.55)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6905 (10.6566)
Epoch:[872][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4785 (10.5972)
Epoch:[872][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6125 (10.6010)
Epoch:[872][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1956 (10.7199)
Epoch:[872][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9585 (10.7597)
Epoch:[872][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5075 (10.7237)
Epoch:[872][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6691 (10.7168)
Epoch:[872][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9850 (10.7466)
Epoch:[872][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7615 (10.7481)
Epoch:[872][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8419 (10.7566)
Epoch:[872][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8370 (10.7633)
Epoch:[872][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3926 (10.8117)
Epoch:[872][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0094 (10.7544)
Epoch:[872][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7275 (10.7526)
Epoch:[872][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2770 (10.7854)
Epoch:[872][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9044 (10.7924)
Epoch:[872][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9326 (10.8002)
epoch 872 finished, takes 33.06468415260315 seconds
Epoch:[873][ 0/18]	Time 2.12 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1284 (10.1284)
Epoch:[873][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0085 (10.5684)
Epoch:[873][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4032 (10.5133)
Epoch:[873][ 3/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2220 (10.4405)
Epoch:[873][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3512 (10.6227)
Epoch:[873][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8211 (10.6557)
Epoch:[873][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8686 (10.6861)
Epoch:[873][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2505 (10.7567)
Epoch:[873][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0499 (10.7893)
Epoch:[873][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2659 (10.8369)
Epoch:[873][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3732 (10.8857)
Epoch:[873][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3744 (10.9264)
Epoch:[873][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8705 (10.9221)
Epoch:[873][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7537 (10.9101)
Epoch:[873][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7221 (10.8975)
Epoch:[873][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7840 (10.8904)
Epoch:[873][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8843 (10.8901)
Epoch:[873][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5578 (10.8716)
epoch 873 finished, takes 33.83246159553528 seconds
Epoch:[874][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6827 (10.6827)
Epoch:[874][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2845 (10.9836)
Epoch:[874][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8029 (10.9234)
Epoch:[874][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6167 (10.8467)
Epoch:[874][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8190 (10.8412)
Epoch:[874][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7682 (10.8290)
Epoch:[874][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9320 (10.8437)
Epoch:[874][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8127 (10.8398)
Epoch:[874][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5453 (10.8071)
Epoch:[874][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7244 (10.7988)
Epoch:[874][10/18]	Time 1.59 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9203 (10.8099)
Epoch:[874][11/18]	Time 1.58 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1493 (10.7548)
Epoch:[874][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4925 (10.7347)
Epoch:[874][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7488 (10.7357)
Epoch:[874][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3887 (10.7792)
Epoch:[874][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9390 (10.7892)
Epoch:[874][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9533 (10.7988)
Epoch:[874][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7111 (10.7940)
epoch 874 finished, takes 33.359761476516724 seconds
Epoch:[875][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7409 (10.7409)
Epoch:[875][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9475 (10.8442)
Epoch:[875][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2567 (10.9817)
Epoch:[875][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9779 (10.9807)
Epoch:[875][ 4/18]	Time 2.17 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4950 (11.0836)
Epoch:[875][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3923 (11.1350)
Epoch:[875][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2427 (11.1504)
Epoch:[875][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3264 (11.0474)
Epoch:[875][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7236 (11.0114)
Epoch:[875][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8401 (10.9943)
Epoch:[875][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8104 (10.9776)
Epoch:[875][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4111 (10.9304)
Epoch:[875][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8410 (10.9235)
Epoch:[875][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5202 (10.8947)
Epoch:[875][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0587 (10.9056)
Epoch:[875][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9421 (10.9079)
Epoch:[875][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7120 (10.8964)
Epoch:[875][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8932 (10.8962)
epoch 875 finished, takes 33.6124210357666 seconds
Epoch:[876][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1606 (11.1606)
Epoch:[876][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6931 (10.9269)
Epoch:[876][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1050 (10.9862)
Epoch:[876][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8569 (10.9539)
Epoch:[876][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1771 (10.9985)
Epoch:[876][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7462 (10.9565)
Epoch:[876][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8597 (10.9427)
Epoch:[876][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1521 (10.9688)
Epoch:[876][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5539 (10.9227)
Epoch:[876][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9393 (10.9244)
Epoch:[876][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8839 (10.9207)
Epoch:[876][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2057 (10.9445)
Epoch:[876][12/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0818 (10.9550)
Epoch:[876][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2867 (10.9787)
Epoch:[876][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7305 (10.9622)
Epoch:[876][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7892 (10.9514)
Epoch:[876][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5028 (10.9250)
Epoch:[876][17/18]	Time 1.54 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3529 (10.8932)
epoch 876 finished, takes 33.76062273979187 seconds
Epoch:[877][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6736 (10.6736)
Epoch:[877][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6584 (11.1660)
Epoch:[877][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7167 (11.0162)
Epoch:[877][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0822 (11.0327)
Epoch:[877][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3773 (10.9016)
Epoch:[877][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9042 (10.9021)
Epoch:[877][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9558 (10.9097)
Epoch:[877][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0689 (10.9296)
Epoch:[877][ 8/18]	Time 2.16 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2561 (10.9659)
Epoch:[877][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6885 (10.9382)
Epoch:[877][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0437 (10.9478)
Epoch:[877][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2251 (10.8876)
Epoch:[877][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7036 (10.8734)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6424087440702098  precision:  0.6525979974913415  f1:  0.6111857519791659 perclass recall:  [0.98954124 0.66147025 0.74215071 0.22188955 0.59699197]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7561664850804437  precision:  0.7704571912163817  f1:  0.7580889977305143 perclass recall:  [0.95136187 0.625      0.80357143 0.70521542 0.72658228 0.66339066
 0.79576108 0.77844914]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7053441353455979  precision:  0.7098953284542148  f1:  0.6979484886610994 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96399457 0.93023256 0.39885496 0.9030303  0.58064516]
Epoch:[877][13/18]	Time 13.57 (2.73)	Data 11.76 (0.84)	Loss 10.6118 (10.8547)
Epoch:[877][14/18]	Time 1.82 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.78)	Loss 10.6964 (10.8442)
Epoch:[877][15/18]	Time 1.94 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 11.3493 (10.8757)
Epoch:[877][16/18]	Time 1.79 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.6715 (10.8637)
Epoch:[877][17/18]	Time 1.87 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.4726 (10.8420)
epoch 877 finished, takes 45.67629289627075 seconds
Epoch:[878][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7369 (10.7369)
Epoch:[878][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9552 (10.8460)
Epoch:[878][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1699 (10.9540)
Epoch:[878][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2656 (11.0319)
Epoch:[878][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4516 (10.9158)
Epoch:[878][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3344 (10.9856)
Epoch:[878][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1577 (11.0102)
Epoch:[878][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0399 (11.0139)
Epoch:[878][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3090 (10.9356)
Epoch:[878][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0092 (10.9429)
Epoch:[878][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0975 (10.9570)
Epoch:[878][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8110 (10.9448)
Epoch:[878][12/18]	Time 1.60 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9513 (10.9453)
Epoch:[878][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7519 (10.9315)
Epoch:[878][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2498 (10.9527)
Epoch:[878][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6156 (10.9941)
Epoch:[878][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9488 (10.9915)
Epoch:[878][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5337 (10.9660)
epoch 878 finished, takes 33.52351498603821 seconds
Epoch:[879][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2724 (11.2724)
Epoch:[879][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8233 (11.0479)
Epoch:[879][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9194 (11.0051)
Epoch:[879][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7824 (10.9494)
Epoch:[879][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6812 (10.8958)
Epoch:[879][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6781 (10.8595)
Epoch:[879][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7852 (10.8489)
Epoch:[879][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8290 (10.8464)
Epoch:[879][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9228 (10.8549)
Epoch:[879][ 9/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7352 (10.8429)
Epoch:[879][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6472 (10.8251)
Epoch:[879][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4516 (10.7940)
Epoch:[879][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5635 (10.7763)
Epoch:[879][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3206 (10.7437)
Epoch:[879][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5591 (10.7314)
Epoch:[879][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2495 (10.7638)
Epoch:[879][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9963 (10.7775)
Epoch:[879][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8182 (10.7797)
epoch 879 finished, takes 33.93027210235596 seconds
Epoch:[880][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9689 (10.9689)
Epoch:[880][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3200 (10.6444)
Epoch:[880][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1437 (10.8108)
Epoch:[880][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5268 (10.7398)
Epoch:[880][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6118 (10.9142)
Epoch:[880][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2325 (10.9673)
Epoch:[880][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5556 (10.9085)
Epoch:[880][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3170 (10.8345)
Epoch:[880][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2725 (10.8832)
Epoch:[880][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8751 (10.8824)
Epoch:[880][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2769 (10.8273)
Epoch:[880][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2514 (10.8627)
Epoch:[880][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4576 (10.8315)
Epoch:[880][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9793 (10.8421)
Epoch:[880][14/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0577 (10.8564)
Epoch:[880][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1344 (10.8738)
Epoch:[880][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0946 (10.8868)
Epoch:[880][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4784 (10.8641)
epoch 880 finished, takes 33.8183319568634 seconds
Epoch:[881][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4625 (10.4625)
Epoch:[881][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7504 (10.6065)
Epoch:[881][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8438 (10.6856)
Epoch:[881][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9089 (10.7414)
Epoch:[881][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2967 (10.8524)
Epoch:[881][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2234 (10.7476)
Epoch:[881][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5768 (10.7232)
Epoch:[881][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0645 (10.7659)
Epoch:[881][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0166 (10.7937)
Epoch:[881][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7411 (10.7885)
Epoch:[881][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7076 (10.7811)
Epoch:[881][11/18]	Time 2.26 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7704 (10.7802)
Epoch:[881][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7552 (10.7783)
Epoch:[881][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0678 (10.7990)
Epoch:[881][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0980 (10.8189)
Epoch:[881][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3196 (10.7877)
Epoch:[881][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3542 (10.7622)
Epoch:[881][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2661 (10.7902)
epoch 881 finished, takes 33.64865159988403 seconds
Epoch:[882][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5539 (10.5539)
Epoch:[882][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9146 (10.7343)
Epoch:[882][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8953 (10.7879)
Epoch:[882][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6459 (10.7524)
Epoch:[882][ 4/18]	Time 1.64 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4473 (10.6914)
Epoch:[882][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5321 (10.8315)
Epoch:[882][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9234 (10.8446)
Epoch:[882][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4260 (10.7923)
Epoch:[882][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0773 (10.8240)
Epoch:[882][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8845 (10.8300)
Epoch:[882][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8366 (10.8306)
Epoch:[882][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0620 (10.8499)
Epoch:[882][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8660 (10.8511)
Epoch:[882][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6492 (10.8367)
Epoch:[882][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5916 (10.8204)
Epoch:[882][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5545 (10.8038)
Epoch:[882][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3460 (10.8357)
Epoch:[882][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8463 (10.8362)
epoch 882 finished, takes 33.409815073013306 seconds
Epoch:[883][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6096 (10.6096)
Epoch:[883][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7942 (10.7019)
Epoch:[883][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9426 (10.7821)
Epoch:[883][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6871 (10.7584)
Epoch:[883][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2478 (10.8563)
Epoch:[883][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3791 (10.7767)
Epoch:[883][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7146 (10.7679)
Epoch:[883][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5780 (10.7441)
Epoch:[883][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3137 (10.6963)
Epoch:[883][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7326 (10.6999)
Epoch:[883][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1337 (10.7394)
Epoch:[883][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7103 (10.7370)
Epoch:[883][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0504 (10.7611)
Epoch:[883][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3565 (10.7322)
Epoch:[883][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8020 (10.7368)
Epoch:[883][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7639 (10.7385)
Epoch:[883][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5020 (10.7246)
Epoch:[883][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0995 (10.7454)
epoch 883 finished, takes 33.41145610809326 seconds
Epoch:[884][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8324 (10.8324)
Epoch:[884][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9119 (10.8722)
Epoch:[884][ 2/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1437 (10.9627)
Epoch:[884][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9632 (10.9628)
Epoch:[884][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8420 (10.9386)
Epoch:[884][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7263 (10.9032)
Epoch:[884][ 6/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5309 (10.9929)
Epoch:[884][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1384 (11.0111)
Epoch:[884][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2608 (11.0388)
Epoch:[884][ 9/18]	Time 2.16 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7441 (11.0094)
Epoch:[884][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2267 (11.0291)
Epoch:[884][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1297 (10.9542)
Epoch:[884][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0656 (10.9627)
Epoch:[884][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6436 (10.9400)
Epoch:[884][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4607 (10.9080)
Epoch:[884][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7493 (10.8981)
Epoch:[884][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3330 (10.9237)
Epoch:[884][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9787 (10.9267)
epoch 884 finished, takes 34.39696145057678 seconds
Epoch:[885][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5724 (10.5724)
Epoch:[885][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8254 (10.6989)
Epoch:[885][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7685 (10.7221)
Epoch:[885][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5997 (10.6915)
Epoch:[885][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0419 (10.7616)
Epoch:[885][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8716 (10.7799)
Epoch:[885][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0162 (10.8137)
Epoch:[885][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0474 (10.8429)
Epoch:[885][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6629 (10.8229)
Epoch:[885][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3670 (10.7773)
Epoch:[885][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6452 (10.7653)
Epoch:[885][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8633 (10.7735)
Epoch:[885][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7112 (10.7687)
Epoch:[885][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7484 (10.7672)
Epoch:[885][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1048 (10.7897)
Epoch:[885][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6601 (10.7816)
Epoch:[885][16/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4354 (10.7613)
Epoch:[885][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7449 (10.7604)
epoch 885 finished, takes 33.62413573265076 seconds
Epoch:[886][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6691 (10.6691)
Epoch:[886][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5999 (10.6345)
Epoch:[886][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5214 (10.5968)
Epoch:[886][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4161 (10.8016)
Epoch:[886][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0917 (10.6597)
Epoch:[886][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1022 (10.7334)
Epoch:[886][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6356 (10.7194)
Epoch:[886][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7591 (10.7244)
Epoch:[886][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3786 (10.6860)
Epoch:[886][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7171 (10.6891)
Epoch:[886][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4122 (10.7548)
Epoch:[886][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7247 (10.7523)
Epoch:[886][12/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1733 (10.7847)
Epoch:[886][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8469 (10.7891)
Epoch:[886][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0626 (10.8074)
Epoch:[886][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1900 (10.8313)
Epoch:[886][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8763 (10.8339)
Epoch:[886][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5632 (10.8189)
epoch 886 finished, takes 33.944008350372314 seconds
Epoch:[887][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0411 (11.0411)
Epoch:[887][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8008 (10.9210)
Epoch:[887][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2197 (11.0206)
Epoch:[887][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7718 (10.9584)
Epoch:[887][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0119 (10.9691)
Epoch:[887][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0137 (10.9765)
Epoch:[887][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4240 (10.8976)
Epoch:[887][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3486 (10.8290)
Epoch:[887][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9305 (10.8402)
Epoch:[887][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4031 (10.7965)
Epoch:[887][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7327 (10.7907)
Epoch:[887][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7208 (10.7849)
Epoch:[887][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6707 (10.7761)
Epoch:[887][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7689 (10.7756)
Epoch:[887][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7084 (10.7711)
Epoch:[887][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2920 (10.8037)
Epoch:[887][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5839 (10.7907)
Epoch:[887][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9414 (10.7991)
epoch 887 finished, takes 32.69344353675842 seconds
Epoch:[888][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0598 (11.0598)
Epoch:[888][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8543 (10.9571)
Epoch:[888][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2083 (11.0408)
Epoch:[888][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9892 (11.0279)
Epoch:[888][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9327 (11.0088)
Epoch:[888][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9438 (10.9980)
Epoch:[888][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0054 (10.9991)
Epoch:[888][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6810 (10.9593)
Epoch:[888][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9555 (10.9589)
Epoch:[888][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1763 (10.9806)
Epoch:[888][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6170 (10.9476)
Epoch:[888][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1575 (10.9651)
Epoch:[888][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8309 (10.9547)
Epoch:[888][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1718 (10.9702)
Epoch:[888][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7773 (10.9574)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6375243476049042  precision:  0.6458585749180162  f1:  0.605949281956111 perclass recall:  [0.99025434 0.64459382 0.74215071 0.22388556 0.58673731]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7573010057220622  precision:  0.7689210890409626  f1:  0.7578626821087456 perclass recall:  [0.94811933 0.64166667 0.80133929 0.71428571 0.72405063 0.67076167
 0.7938343  0.76435045]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7083276171082313  precision:  0.7106398136142432  f1:  0.7001714816548507 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96603261 0.94108527 0.40076336 0.9030303  0.5837469 ]
Epoch:[888][15/18]	Time 13.77 (2.64)	Data 11.72 (0.73)	Loss 10.2685 (10.9143)
Epoch:[888][16/18]	Time 1.78 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.8865 (10.8539)
Epoch:[888][17/18]	Time 1.77 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.7583 (10.8486)
epoch 888 finished, takes 45.87010049819946 seconds
Epoch:[889][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5931 (10.5931)
Epoch:[889][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2938 (10.4434)
Epoch:[889][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6244 (10.5038)
Epoch:[889][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9071 (10.6046)
Epoch:[889][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6285 (10.6094)
Epoch:[889][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7232 (10.6283)
Epoch:[889][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1411 (10.7016)
Epoch:[889][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2079 (10.6399)
Epoch:[889][ 8/18]	Time 1.64 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4443 (10.6182)
Epoch:[889][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7634 (10.6327)
Epoch:[889][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8310 (10.6507)
Epoch:[889][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5789 (10.7281)
Epoch:[889][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4393 (10.7059)
Epoch:[889][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1577 (10.7381)
Epoch:[889][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5210 (10.7236)
Epoch:[889][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9674 (10.7389)
Epoch:[889][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2888 (10.7124)
Epoch:[889][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8936 (10.7225)
epoch 889 finished, takes 33.53793740272522 seconds
Epoch:[890][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7424 (10.7424)
Epoch:[890][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7707 (10.7566)
Epoch:[890][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3772 (10.6301)
Epoch:[890][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0613 (10.7379)
Epoch:[890][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8489 (10.7601)
Epoch:[890][ 5/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9798 (10.7967)
Epoch:[890][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9667 (10.8210)
Epoch:[890][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7974 (10.8181)
Epoch:[890][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9751 (10.8355)
Epoch:[890][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2886 (10.8808)
Epoch:[890][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0474 (10.8960)
Epoch:[890][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8004 (10.8880)
Epoch:[890][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3015 (10.8429)
Epoch:[890][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8262 (10.7703)
Epoch:[890][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6786 (10.7642)
Epoch:[890][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8835 (10.7716)
Epoch:[890][16/18]	Time 1.59 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4132 (10.7505)
Epoch:[890][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0412 (10.7667)
epoch 890 finished, takes 33.439048290252686 seconds
Epoch:[891][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6047 (10.6047)
Epoch:[891][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6636 (10.6341)
Epoch:[891][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7513 (10.6732)
Epoch:[891][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8563 (10.7190)
Epoch:[891][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9691 (10.7690)
Epoch:[891][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5740 (10.7365)
Epoch:[891][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5509 (10.7100)
Epoch:[891][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9392 (10.7386)
Epoch:[891][ 8/18]	Time 1.50 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4450 (10.7060)
Epoch:[891][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6078 (10.6962)
Epoch:[891][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2204 (10.6529)
Epoch:[891][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1429 (10.6938)
Epoch:[891][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1132 (10.7260)
Epoch:[891][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6672 (10.7218)
Epoch:[891][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1611 (10.6844)
Epoch:[891][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0469 (10.7071)
Epoch:[891][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7774 (10.7112)
Epoch:[891][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2845 (10.7431)
epoch 891 finished, takes 34.15842390060425 seconds
Epoch:[892][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6725 (10.6725)
Epoch:[892][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3935 (10.5330)
Epoch:[892][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5427 (10.5362)
Epoch:[892][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8812 (10.6225)
Epoch:[892][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6000 (10.6180)
Epoch:[892][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7349 (10.6375)
Epoch:[892][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1809 (10.5723)
Epoch:[892][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5671 (10.5716)
Epoch:[892][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6063 (10.5755)
Epoch:[892][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3171 (10.6496)
Epoch:[892][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1981 (10.6086)
Epoch:[892][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6111 (10.6088)
Epoch:[892][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7539 (10.6200)
Epoch:[892][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8932 (10.6395)
Epoch:[892][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0760 (10.6686)
Epoch:[892][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3080 (10.6460)
Epoch:[892][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6040 (10.6436)
Epoch:[892][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0441 (10.6658)
epoch 892 finished, takes 33.18951940536499 seconds
Epoch:[893][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9413 (10.9413)
Epoch:[893][ 1/18]	Time 1.64 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8900 (10.9157)
Epoch:[893][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7737 (10.8683)
Epoch:[893][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9711 (10.8940)
Epoch:[893][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3227 (10.7798)
Epoch:[893][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3855 (10.7140)
Epoch:[893][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6830 (10.7096)
Epoch:[893][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1540 (10.7651)
Epoch:[893][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1558 (10.8086)
Epoch:[893][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3580 (10.7635)
Epoch:[893][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3787 (10.8194)
Epoch:[893][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5793 (10.7994)
Epoch:[893][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.8407 (10.8795)
Epoch:[893][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3294 (10.8402)
Epoch:[893][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8908 (10.8436)
Epoch:[893][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3931 (10.8154)
Epoch:[893][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1732 (10.8365)
Epoch:[893][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1820 (10.8557)
epoch 893 finished, takes 33.34840369224548 seconds
Epoch:[894][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1870 (11.1870)
Epoch:[894][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5578 (10.8724)
Epoch:[894][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9730 (10.9059)
Epoch:[894][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6251 (10.8357)
Epoch:[894][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4168 (10.9519)
Epoch:[894][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6280 (10.8979)
Epoch:[894][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0654 (10.9219)
Epoch:[894][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6663 (10.8899)
Epoch:[894][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1708 (10.9211)
Epoch:[894][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7913 (10.9082)
Epoch:[894][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8342 (10.9014)
Epoch:[894][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4313 (10.8623)
Epoch:[894][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9025 (10.8654)
Epoch:[894][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0707 (10.8800)
Epoch:[894][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1445 (10.8310)
Epoch:[894][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6742 (10.8212)
Epoch:[894][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4324 (10.8571)
Epoch:[894][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8591 (10.8572)
epoch 894 finished, takes 33.15759611129761 seconds
Epoch:[895][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0810 (11.0810)
Epoch:[895][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4639 (10.7725)
Epoch:[895][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8885 (10.8111)
Epoch:[895][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7972 (10.8076)
Epoch:[895][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9439 (10.8349)
Epoch:[895][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8974 (10.8453)
Epoch:[895][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5687 (10.8058)
Epoch:[895][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7936 (10.8043)
Epoch:[895][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6328 (10.7852)
Epoch:[895][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0212 (10.8088)
Epoch:[895][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2397 (10.8480)
Epoch:[895][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5010 (10.8191)
Epoch:[895][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6203 (10.8038)
Epoch:[895][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4551 (10.8503)
Epoch:[895][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7475 (10.8434)
Epoch:[895][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9595 (10.8507)
Epoch:[895][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8498 (10.8506)
Epoch:[895][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0019 (10.8590)
epoch 895 finished, takes 33.55629920959473 seconds
Epoch:[896][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9863 (10.9863)
Epoch:[896][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6694 (10.8279)
Epoch:[896][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6683 (10.7747)
Epoch:[896][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9483 (10.8181)
Epoch:[896][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7138 (10.7972)
Epoch:[896][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2806 (10.8778)
Epoch:[896][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3216 (10.7983)
Epoch:[896][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2500 (10.8548)
Epoch:[896][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8699 (10.8565)
Epoch:[896][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0201 (10.8728)
Epoch:[896][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3977 (10.8296)
Epoch:[896][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8437 (10.8308)
Epoch:[896][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3159 (10.7912)
Epoch:[896][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4623 (10.7677)
Epoch:[896][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7489 (10.7665)
Epoch:[896][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8729 (10.7731)
Epoch:[896][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8919 (10.7801)
Epoch:[896][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4480 (10.7617)
epoch 896 finished, takes 33.378116607666016 seconds
Epoch:[897][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3476 (10.3476)
Epoch:[897][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5513 (10.9495)
Epoch:[897][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1810 (10.6933)
Epoch:[897][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8438 (10.7309)
Epoch:[897][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8414 (10.7530)
Epoch:[897][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6207 (10.7310)
Epoch:[897][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5806 (10.7095)
Epoch:[897][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4074 (10.6717)
Epoch:[897][ 8/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5085 (10.6536)
Epoch:[897][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6061 (10.6488)
Epoch:[897][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8068 (10.6632)
Epoch:[897][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9183 (10.6845)
Epoch:[897][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8325 (10.6959)
Epoch:[897][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1536 (10.6571)
Epoch:[897][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5983 (10.6532)
Epoch:[897][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9280 (10.6704)
Epoch:[897][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6127 (10.6670)
Epoch:[897][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5348 (10.6596)
epoch 897 finished, takes 33.901509523391724 seconds
Epoch:[898][ 0/18]	Time 2.15 (2.15)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4447 (11.4447)
Epoch:[898][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3365 (10.8906)
Epoch:[898][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1695 (10.9836)
Epoch:[898][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7453 (10.9240)
Epoch:[898][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0683 (10.9529)
Epoch:[898][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9948 (10.7932)
Epoch:[898][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6353 (10.7706)
Epoch:[898][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7804 (10.7718)
Epoch:[898][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8364 (10.7790)
Epoch:[898][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7762 (10.7787)
Epoch:[898][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9531 (10.7946)
Epoch:[898][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9379 (10.8065)
Epoch:[898][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6593 (10.7952)
Epoch:[898][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7645 (10.7930)
Epoch:[898][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7861 (10.7926)
Epoch:[898][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4872 (10.7735)
Epoch:[898][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3169 (10.8054)
Epoch:[898][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3109 (10.8335)
epoch 898 finished, takes 33.9652738571167 seconds
Epoch:[899][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6463 (10.6463)
Epoch:[899][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1639 (10.9051)
Epoch:[899][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6354 (10.8152)
Epoch:[899][ 3/18]	Time 1.65 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9836 (10.8573)
Epoch:[899][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7546 (10.8368)
Epoch:[899][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3314 (10.7525)
Epoch:[899][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0265 (10.7917)
Epoch:[899][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6154 (10.7696)
Epoch:[899][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7337 (10.7656)
Epoch:[899][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6793 (10.7570)
Epoch:[899][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2562 (10.8024)
Epoch:[899][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5990 (10.7854)
Epoch:[899][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3483 (10.7518)
Epoch:[899][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3882 (10.7258)
Epoch:[899][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7259 (10.7258)
Epoch:[899][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9927 (10.7425)
Epoch:[899][16/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2701 (10.7736)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6431768959733815  precision:  0.6498597466415272  f1:  0.6106727544700273 perclass recall:  [0.98573806 0.61270023 0.74372057 0.22255489 0.65117074]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7573667468537848  precision:  0.7714042239772787  f1:  0.757323667079844 perclass recall:  [0.94552529 0.63541667 0.796875   0.69387755 0.74683544 0.70761671
 0.77649326 0.75629406]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7057435009657533  precision:  0.7119621105585452  f1:  0.6996549209570285 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96399457 0.93333333 0.40076336 0.89545455 0.58560794]
Epoch:[899][17/18]	Time 13.41 (2.50)	Data 11.34 (0.63)	Loss 11.2867 (10.8021)
epoch 899 finished, takes 45.092687129974365 seconds
Epoch:[900][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9882 (10.9882)
Epoch:[900][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6761 (10.8322)
Epoch:[900][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5270 (10.7305)
Epoch:[900][ 3/18]	Time 1.62 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5328 (10.6810)
Epoch:[900][ 4/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0107 (10.7470)
Epoch:[900][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8929 (10.7713)
Epoch:[900][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0675 (10.8136)
Epoch:[900][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3853 (10.7601)
Epoch:[900][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2480 (10.7032)
Epoch:[900][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7412 (10.7070)
Epoch:[900][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6354 (10.7005)
Epoch:[900][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4514 (10.6797)
Epoch:[900][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7270 (10.6833)
Epoch:[900][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0110 (10.7067)
Epoch:[900][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9634 (10.7239)
Epoch:[900][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4990 (10.7723)
Epoch:[900][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4088 (10.8097)
Epoch:[900][17/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2622 (10.7793)
epoch 900 finished, takes 33.71890163421631 seconds
Epoch:[901][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1901 (10.1901)
Epoch:[901][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5706 (10.3804)
Epoch:[901][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7058 (10.4889)
Epoch:[901][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7931 (10.5649)
Epoch:[901][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2127 (10.6945)
Epoch:[901][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8703 (10.7238)
Epoch:[901][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4832 (10.6894)
Epoch:[901][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6033 (10.6786)
Epoch:[901][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6191 (10.6720)
Epoch:[901][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2021 (10.6250)
Epoch:[901][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2524 (10.6821)
Epoch:[901][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4575 (10.6633)
Epoch:[901][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6936 (10.6657)
Epoch:[901][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1093 (10.6974)
Epoch:[901][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6994 (10.6975)
Epoch:[901][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6771 (10.6962)
Epoch:[901][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3782 (10.6775)
Epoch:[901][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5330 (10.6695)
epoch 901 finished, takes 33.79912567138672 seconds
Epoch:[902][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1720 (11.1720)
Epoch:[902][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3291 (10.7506)
Epoch:[902][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3546 (10.6186)
Epoch:[902][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3658 (10.5554)
Epoch:[902][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7127 (10.5868)
Epoch:[902][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5182 (10.7421)
Epoch:[902][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7376 (10.7414)
Epoch:[902][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9375 (10.7659)
Epoch:[902][ 8/18]	Time 2.28 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7217 (10.7610)
Epoch:[902][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6860 (10.7535)
Epoch:[902][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5346 (10.8245)
Epoch:[902][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9107 (10.8317)
Epoch:[902][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9091 (10.8377)
Epoch:[902][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5943 (10.8203)
Epoch:[902][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8311 (10.8210)
Epoch:[902][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9693 (10.8303)
Epoch:[902][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6331 (10.8187)
Epoch:[902][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8198 (10.8187)
epoch 902 finished, takes 33.96428442001343 seconds
Epoch:[903][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5728 (10.5728)
Epoch:[903][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7143 (10.6436)
Epoch:[903][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6962 (10.6611)
Epoch:[903][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7251 (10.6771)
Epoch:[903][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5136 (10.6444)
Epoch:[903][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1426 (10.7274)
Epoch:[903][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7705 (10.7336)
Epoch:[903][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4151 (10.6938)
Epoch:[903][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6319 (10.6869)
Epoch:[903][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1479 (10.7330)
Epoch:[903][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0151 (10.7586)
Epoch:[903][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3746 (10.7266)
Epoch:[903][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9637 (10.7449)
Epoch:[903][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4113 (10.7210)
Epoch:[903][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9780 (10.7382)
Epoch:[903][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0379 (10.7569)
Epoch:[903][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8613 (10.7630)
Epoch:[903][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1067 (10.7266)
epoch 903 finished, takes 34.29393291473389 seconds
Epoch:[904][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4285 (11.4285)
Epoch:[904][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0320 (11.2303)
Epoch:[904][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7460 (11.0688)
Epoch:[904][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5104 (10.9292)
Epoch:[904][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7331 (10.8900)
Epoch:[904][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9041 (10.8924)
Epoch:[904][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5382 (10.8418)
Epoch:[904][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9647 (10.8571)
Epoch:[904][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9735 (10.8701)
Epoch:[904][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1357 (10.7966)
Epoch:[904][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6688 (10.7850)
Epoch:[904][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6748 (10.7758)
Epoch:[904][12/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5741 (10.7603)
Epoch:[904][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5498 (10.7453)
Epoch:[904][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8209 (10.7503)
Epoch:[904][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5764 (10.7394)
Epoch:[904][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8847 (10.7480)
Epoch:[904][17/18]	Time 2.19 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6022 (10.7399)
epoch 904 finished, takes 33.906113624572754 seconds
Epoch:[905][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0457 (11.0457)
Epoch:[905][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7402 (10.8929)
Epoch:[905][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8141 (10.8667)
Epoch:[905][ 3/18]	Time 1.62 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3325 (10.9831)
Epoch:[905][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0372 (10.9939)
Epoch:[905][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9534 (10.9872)
Epoch:[905][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6857 (10.9441)
Epoch:[905][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3122 (10.8651)
Epoch:[905][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9660 (10.8763)
Epoch:[905][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1362 (10.9023)
Epoch:[905][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8456 (10.8972)
Epoch:[905][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1599 (10.8357)
Epoch:[905][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0683 (10.8536)
Epoch:[905][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7990 (10.8497)
Epoch:[905][14/18]	Time 2.24 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9316 (10.8552)
Epoch:[905][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5305 (10.8974)
Epoch:[905][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4807 (10.8729)
Epoch:[905][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0234 (10.8812)
epoch 905 finished, takes 33.55658531188965 seconds
Epoch:[906][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4801 (10.4801)
Epoch:[906][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1120 (10.7961)
Epoch:[906][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8434 (10.8118)
Epoch:[906][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3946 (10.9575)
Epoch:[906][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4866 (10.8633)
Epoch:[906][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7886 (10.8509)
Epoch:[906][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3629 (10.7812)
Epoch:[906][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9794 (10.8060)
Epoch:[906][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9992 (10.8274)
Epoch:[906][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5989 (10.8046)
Epoch:[906][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7331 (10.7981)
Epoch:[906][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7899 (10.7974)
Epoch:[906][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9037 (10.8056)
Epoch:[906][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0146 (10.8205)
Epoch:[906][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3743 (10.8574)
Epoch:[906][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6443 (10.8441)
Epoch:[906][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5271 (10.8255)
Epoch:[906][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8167 (10.8250)
epoch 906 finished, takes 33.46995496749878 seconds
Epoch:[907][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9340 (10.9340)
Epoch:[907][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1197 (10.5269)
Epoch:[907][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2393 (10.7644)
Epoch:[907][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5903 (10.7208)
Epoch:[907][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9686 (10.7704)
Epoch:[907][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7682 (10.7700)
Epoch:[907][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5744 (10.7421)
Epoch:[907][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8604 (10.7569)
Epoch:[907][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5394 (10.7327)
Epoch:[907][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5483 (10.7143)
Epoch:[907][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8590 (10.7274)
Epoch:[907][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9334 (10.7446)
Epoch:[907][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5600 (10.7304)
Epoch:[907][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8279 (10.7374)
Epoch:[907][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7203 (10.7362)
Epoch:[907][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3538 (10.7123)
Epoch:[907][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2681 (10.7450)
Epoch:[907][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6125 (10.7376)
epoch 907 finished, takes 32.880199670791626 seconds
Epoch:[908][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8630 (10.8630)
Epoch:[908][ 1/18]	Time 1.46 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5626 (10.7128)
Epoch:[908][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9675 (10.7977)
Epoch:[908][ 3/18]	Time 1.61 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5591 (10.7381)
Epoch:[908][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2734 (10.6451)
Epoch:[908][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0349 (10.7101)
Epoch:[908][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6728 (10.7048)
Epoch:[908][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3225 (10.6570)
Epoch:[908][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5672 (10.6470)
Epoch:[908][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2327 (10.6056)
Epoch:[908][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6634 (10.6108)
Epoch:[908][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9518 (10.6392)
Epoch:[908][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5196 (10.6300)
Epoch:[908][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7613 (10.6394)
Epoch:[908][14/18]	Time 1.64 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0916 (10.6696)
Epoch:[908][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6725 (10.6698)
Epoch:[908][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7403 (10.6739)
Epoch:[908][17/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8207 (10.6821)
epoch 908 finished, takes 33.011554479599 seconds
Epoch:[909][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7846 (10.7846)
Epoch:[909][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9921 (10.8884)
Epoch:[909][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7318 (10.8362)
Epoch:[909][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0788 (10.6468)
Epoch:[909][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9490 (10.7073)
Epoch:[909][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8207 (10.7262)
Epoch:[909][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1572 (10.7878)
Epoch:[909][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8603 (10.7968)
Epoch:[909][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1018 (10.8307)
Epoch:[909][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7866 (10.8263)
Epoch:[909][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2534 (10.8651)
Epoch:[909][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9321 (10.8707)
Epoch:[909][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1746 (10.8172)
Epoch:[909][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0398 (10.8331)
Epoch:[909][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9761 (10.8426)
Epoch:[909][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1385 (10.8611)
Epoch:[909][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9126 (10.8641)
Epoch:[909][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0121 (10.8724)
epoch 909 finished, takes 33.995299100875854 seconds
Epoch:[910][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3644 (10.3644)
Epoch:[910][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5283 (10.4463)
Epoch:[910][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8494 (10.5807)
Epoch:[910][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5012 (10.5608)
Epoch:[910][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3662 (10.5219)
Epoch:[910][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1526 (10.6270)
Epoch:[910][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1281 (10.6986)
Epoch:[910][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6689 (10.6949)
Epoch:[910][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0942 (10.7392)
Epoch:[910][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1273 (10.7780)
Epoch:[910][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7929 (10.7794)
Epoch:[910][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3462 (10.7433)
Epoch:[910][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3485 (10.7129)
Epoch:[910][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8674 (10.7240)
Epoch:[910][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4076 (10.7029)
Epoch:[910][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7727 (10.7072)
Epoch:[910][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6777 (10.7055)
Epoch:[910][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8303 (10.6569)
epoch 910 finished, takes 33.504478216171265 seconds
Epoch:[911][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9430 (10.9430)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6428908730697038  precision:  0.6516159797257379  f1:  0.612055641092758 perclass recall:  [0.98454956 0.65574943 0.74372057 0.22438456 0.60605025]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7531653597766804  precision:  0.7660832604266796  f1:  0.7534002036506953 perclass recall:  [0.94941634 0.63958333 0.796875   0.73696145 0.71139241 0.68304668
 0.76685934 0.74118832]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7012604303376281  precision:  0.7100470627165696  f1:  0.6962810506157234 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96263587 0.91937984 0.39503817 0.89393939 0.58684864]
Epoch:[911][ 1/18]	Time 13.93 (7.91)	Data 12.03 (6.01)	Loss 10.6987 (10.8209)
Epoch:[911][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (5.93)	Data 0.00 (4.01)	Loss 10.8647 (10.8355)
Epoch:[911][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (4.93)	Data 0.00 (3.01)	Loss 10.7468 (10.8133)
Epoch:[911][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (4.31)	Data 0.00 (2.41)	Loss 10.7425 (10.7991)
Epoch:[911][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (3.88)	Data 0.00 (2.01)	Loss 10.5496 (10.7575)
Epoch:[911][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (3.58)	Data 0.00 (1.72)	Loss 11.0788 (10.8034)
Epoch:[911][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (3.37)	Data 0.00 (1.50)	Loss 10.9452 (10.8212)
Epoch:[911][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (3.20)	Data 0.00 (1.34)	Loss 11.1978 (10.8630)
Epoch:[911][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (3.05)	Data 0.00 (1.20)	Loss 10.8528 (10.8620)
Epoch:[911][10/18]	Time 1.80 (2.94)	Data 0.00 (1.09)	Loss 10.3703 (10.8173)
Epoch:[911][11/18]	Time 1.91 (2.85)	Data 0.00 (1.00)	Loss 10.4180 (10.7840)
Epoch:[911][12/18]	Time 1.96 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.93)	Loss 10.6721 (10.7754)
Epoch:[911][13/18]	Time 1.95 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 11.0370 (10.7941)
Epoch:[911][14/18]	Time 1.70 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 10.5850 (10.7802)
Epoch:[911][15/18]	Time 1.93 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 11.1441 (10.8029)
Epoch:[911][16/18]	Time 1.87 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 10.1123 (10.7623)
Epoch:[911][17/18]	Time 1.76 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 10.7449 (10.7613)
epoch 911 finished, takes 45.44915962219238 seconds
Epoch:[912][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9821 (10.9821)
Epoch:[912][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4574 (10.7198)
Epoch:[912][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6752 (10.7049)
Epoch:[912][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5364 (10.6628)
Epoch:[912][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3880 (10.6078)
Epoch:[912][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9796 (10.6698)
Epoch:[912][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1518 (10.5958)
Epoch:[912][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6868 (10.6072)
Epoch:[912][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4401 (10.5886)
Epoch:[912][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4079 (10.6705)
Epoch:[912][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0371 (10.7039)
Epoch:[912][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7855 (10.7107)
Epoch:[912][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2909 (10.6784)
Epoch:[912][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5234 (10.7387)
Epoch:[912][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8879 (10.7487)
Epoch:[912][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0294 (10.7662)
Epoch:[912][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9595 (10.7776)
Epoch:[912][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7406 (10.7755)
epoch 912 finished, takes 33.05644917488098 seconds
Epoch:[913][ 0/18]	Time 2.22 (2.22)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0843 (11.0843)
Epoch:[913][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7260 (10.9051)
Epoch:[913][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1193 (10.9765)
Epoch:[913][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6123 (10.8855)
Epoch:[913][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6284 (10.8340)
Epoch:[913][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0704 (10.8734)
Epoch:[913][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4024 (10.8061)
Epoch:[913][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6657 (10.7886)
Epoch:[913][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9686 (10.8086)
Epoch:[913][ 9/18]	Time 1.60 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4235 (10.7701)
Epoch:[913][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2314 (10.8120)
Epoch:[913][11/18]	Time 1.57 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5758 (10.7923)
Epoch:[913][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4292 (10.7644)
Epoch:[913][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7081 (10.7604)
Epoch:[913][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5072 (10.7435)
Epoch:[913][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9171 (10.7543)
Epoch:[913][16/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0607 (10.7724)
Epoch:[913][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8332 (10.7757)
epoch 913 finished, takes 33.67338752746582 seconds
Epoch:[914][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7897 (10.7897)
Epoch:[914][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2133 (11.0015)
Epoch:[914][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7656 (10.9228)
Epoch:[914][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6187 (10.8468)
Epoch:[914][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1934 (10.9161)
Epoch:[914][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9739 (10.9257)
Epoch:[914][ 6/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4903 (11.0064)
Epoch:[914][ 7/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2111 (10.9070)
Epoch:[914][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9093 (10.9072)
Epoch:[914][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4340 (10.8599)
Epoch:[914][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4201 (10.8199)
Epoch:[914][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3087 (10.7773)
Epoch:[914][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6047 (10.7640)
Epoch:[914][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6551 (10.7563)
Epoch:[914][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4551 (10.7362)
Epoch:[914][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5581 (10.7251)
Epoch:[914][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8515 (10.7325)
Epoch:[914][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8867 (10.7411)
epoch 914 finished, takes 33.74981212615967 seconds
Epoch:[915][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5314 (10.5314)
Epoch:[915][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2592 (10.3953)
Epoch:[915][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7679 (10.5195)
Epoch:[915][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6037 (10.5406)
Epoch:[915][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4577 (10.5240)
Epoch:[915][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4792 (10.5165)
Epoch:[915][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7215 (10.5458)
Epoch:[915][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0456 (10.6083)
Epoch:[915][ 8/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0825 (10.5499)
Epoch:[915][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7494 (10.5698)
Epoch:[915][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9984 (10.6088)
Epoch:[915][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6792 (10.6147)
Epoch:[915][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7889 (10.6281)
Epoch:[915][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3959 (10.6829)
Epoch:[915][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1275 (10.7125)
Epoch:[915][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6926 (10.7738)
Epoch:[915][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2177 (10.7999)
Epoch:[915][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7873 (10.7992)
epoch 915 finished, takes 33.87467288970947 seconds
Epoch:[916][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9208 (10.9208)
Epoch:[916][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1080 (11.0144)
Epoch:[916][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9592 (10.6626)
Epoch:[916][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2403 (10.5571)
Epoch:[916][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8942 (10.6245)
Epoch:[916][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3515 (10.5790)
Epoch:[916][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0036 (10.6397)
Epoch:[916][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4336 (10.7389)
Epoch:[916][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4476 (10.7065)
Epoch:[916][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6063 (10.7965)
Epoch:[916][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7207 (10.7896)
Epoch:[916][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5049 (10.7659)
Epoch:[916][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0990 (10.7915)
Epoch:[916][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7002 (10.7850)
Epoch:[916][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0122 (10.8001)
Epoch:[916][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1230 (10.8203)
Epoch:[916][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3626 (10.7934)
Epoch:[916][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9315 (10.8011)
epoch 916 finished, takes 34.75414061546326 seconds
Epoch:[917][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3629 (10.3629)
Epoch:[917][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8074 (10.5852)
Epoch:[917][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6092 (10.5932)
Epoch:[917][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7445 (10.6310)
Epoch:[917][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8534 (10.6755)
Epoch:[917][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6346 (10.6687)
Epoch:[917][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5441 (10.6509)
Epoch:[917][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6073 (10.6454)
Epoch:[917][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8896 (10.6726)
Epoch:[917][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7083 (10.6761)
Epoch:[917][10/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7089 (10.6791)
Epoch:[917][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6796 (10.6791)
Epoch:[917][12/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5569 (10.6697)
Epoch:[917][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7150 (10.6730)
Epoch:[917][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2828 (10.6470)
Epoch:[917][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9520 (10.6660)
Epoch:[917][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5498 (10.6592)
Epoch:[917][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8705 (10.6709)
epoch 917 finished, takes 33.1306254863739 seconds
Epoch:[918][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7946 (10.7946)
Epoch:[918][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8175 (10.8060)
Epoch:[918][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4399 (10.6840)
Epoch:[918][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1838 (10.5590)
Epoch:[918][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5497 (10.5571)
Epoch:[918][ 5/18]	Time 2.26 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9736 (10.6265)
Epoch:[918][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2176 (10.7110)
Epoch:[918][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4774 (10.6818)
Epoch:[918][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5791 (10.6704)
Epoch:[918][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6323 (10.6666)
Epoch:[918][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0163 (10.6983)
Epoch:[918][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7381 (10.7017)
Epoch:[918][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4931 (10.6856)
Epoch:[918][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8891 (10.7001)
Epoch:[918][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6158 (10.6945)
Epoch:[918][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9776 (10.7122)
Epoch:[918][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2846 (10.7459)
Epoch:[918][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7814 (10.7479)
epoch 918 finished, takes 34.11035633087158 seconds
Epoch:[919][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7713 (10.7713)
Epoch:[919][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7721 (10.7717)
Epoch:[919][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6454 (10.7296)
Epoch:[919][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6860 (10.7187)
Epoch:[919][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5927 (10.6935)
Epoch:[919][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0331 (10.7501)
Epoch:[919][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6459 (10.7352)
Epoch:[919][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8292 (10.7470)
Epoch:[919][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5888 (10.7294)
Epoch:[919][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6870 (10.7251)
Epoch:[919][10/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1940 (10.6769)
Epoch:[919][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8398 (10.6904)
Epoch:[919][12/18]	Time 2.28 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5806 (10.6820)
Epoch:[919][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9152 (10.6986)
Epoch:[919][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6694 (10.6967)
Epoch:[919][15/18]	Time 1.62 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6908 (10.6963)
Epoch:[919][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8138 (10.7032)
Epoch:[919][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4368 (10.6884)
epoch 919 finished, takes 33.895756006240845 seconds
Epoch:[920][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9313 (10.9313)
Epoch:[920][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4599 (10.6956)
Epoch:[920][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4099 (10.6004)
Epoch:[920][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0951 (10.7240)
Epoch:[920][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8344 (10.7461)
Epoch:[920][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0752 (10.8010)
Epoch:[920][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8288 (10.8049)
Epoch:[920][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0233 (10.8322)
Epoch:[920][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7943 (10.8280)
Epoch:[920][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7773 (10.8229)
Epoch:[920][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9977 (10.8388)
Epoch:[920][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5347 (10.8135)
Epoch:[920][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7179 (10.8061)
Epoch:[920][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9805 (10.8186)
Epoch:[920][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1749 (10.7757)
Epoch:[920][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5573 (10.7620)
Epoch:[920][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9053 (10.7705)
Epoch:[920][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5849 (10.7601)
epoch 920 finished, takes 33.048163414001465 seconds
Epoch:[921][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7009 (10.7009)
Epoch:[921][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6870 (10.6940)
Epoch:[921][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0219 (10.8033)
Epoch:[921][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9601 (10.8425)
Epoch:[921][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4628 (10.7665)
Epoch:[921][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5620 (10.7325)
Epoch:[921][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9035 (10.7569)
Epoch:[921][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2537 (10.8190)
Epoch:[921][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9255 (10.8308)
Epoch:[921][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1265 (10.8604)
Epoch:[921][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6472 (10.8410)
Epoch:[921][11/18]	Time 2.16 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8248 (10.8397)
Epoch:[921][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6926 (10.8283)
Epoch:[921][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1446 (10.7795)
Epoch:[921][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6584 (10.7714)
Epoch:[921][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1678 (10.7337)
Epoch:[921][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9763 (10.6891)
Epoch:[921][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6107 (10.6848)
epoch 921 finished, takes 34.033113956451416 seconds
Epoch:[922][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5735 (10.5735)
Epoch:[922][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5536 (10.5636)
Epoch:[922][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0877 (10.7383)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6408522488516762  precision:  0.6496147437463229  f1:  0.6088982101156342 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.6493135  0.74450549 0.22089155 0.60143565]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7574362039777371  precision:  0.7744068182317816  f1:  0.7585936885697103 perclass recall:  [0.9461738  0.62708333 0.80133929 0.76417234 0.68860759 0.7002457
 0.77456647 0.75730111]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7020145803682012  precision:  0.7103874866856147  f1:  0.6961713797613513 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96127717 0.92248062 0.38931298 0.90151515 0.58498759]
Epoch:[922][ 3/18]	Time 13.94 (4.85)	Data 12.00 (3.00)	Loss 10.4042 (10.6547)
Epoch:[922][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (4.21)	Data 0.00 (2.40)	Loss 10.7316 (10.6701)
Epoch:[922][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (3.80)	Data 0.00 (2.00)	Loss 11.0119 (10.7271)
Epoch:[922][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (3.52)	Data 0.00 (1.72)	Loss 10.7807 (10.7347)
Epoch:[922][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (3.31)	Data 0.00 (1.50)	Loss 10.7744 (10.7397)
Epoch:[922][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (3.13)	Data 0.00 (1.33)	Loss 10.5491 (10.7185)
Epoch:[922][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (3.01)	Data 0.00 (1.20)	Loss 10.6867 (10.7153)
Epoch:[922][10/18]	Time 1.84 (2.91)	Data 0.00 (1.09)	Loss 10.9428 (10.7360)
Epoch:[922][11/18]	Time 1.85 (2.82)	Data 0.00 (1.00)	Loss 10.5093 (10.7171)
Epoch:[922][12/18]	Time 1.61 (2.72)	Data 0.00 (0.92)	Loss 10.6676 (10.7133)
Epoch:[922][13/18]	Time 1.89 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 11.0114 (10.7346)
Epoch:[922][14/18]	Time 2.10 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 11.2717 (10.7704)
Epoch:[922][15/18]	Time 1.79 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 10.6687 (10.7641)
Epoch:[922][16/18]	Time 1.97 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 11.0214 (10.7792)
Epoch:[922][17/18]	Time 2.03 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 10.9348 (10.7878)
epoch 922 finished, takes 45.21175408363342 seconds
Epoch:[923][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9111 (10.9111)
Epoch:[923][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8183 (10.8647)
Epoch:[923][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8951 (10.8748)
Epoch:[923][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5714 (10.7990)
Epoch:[923][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7467 (10.7885)
Epoch:[923][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2316 (10.6957)
Epoch:[923][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9227 (10.7281)
Epoch:[923][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0726 (10.7712)
Epoch:[923][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8893 (10.7843)
Epoch:[923][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6860 (10.7745)
Epoch:[923][10/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3728 (10.7380)
Epoch:[923][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3760 (10.7911)
Epoch:[923][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3868 (10.7600)
Epoch:[923][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2907 (10.7265)
Epoch:[923][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5079 (10.7119)
Epoch:[923][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5039 (10.6989)
Epoch:[923][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5258 (10.6887)
Epoch:[923][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6582 (10.6870)
epoch 923 finished, takes 33.84063172340393 seconds
Epoch:[924][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7280 (10.7280)
Epoch:[924][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5410 (10.6345)
Epoch:[924][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8372 (10.7021)
Epoch:[924][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7176 (10.7059)
Epoch:[924][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8237 (10.7295)
Epoch:[924][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0595 (10.7845)
Epoch:[924][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8386 (10.7922)
Epoch:[924][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0409 (10.6983)
Epoch:[924][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2953 (10.6535)
Epoch:[924][ 9/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0342 (10.6916)
Epoch:[924][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8738 (10.7082)
Epoch:[924][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7548 (10.7120)
Epoch:[924][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4117 (10.6889)
Epoch:[924][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8890 (10.7032)
Epoch:[924][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9647 (10.7207)
Epoch:[924][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3249 (10.6959)
Epoch:[924][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5722 (10.6887)
Epoch:[924][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3589 (10.6703)
epoch 924 finished, takes 34.65236735343933 seconds
Epoch:[925][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1245 (11.1245)
Epoch:[925][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1937 (11.1591)
Epoch:[925][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5409 (10.9530)
Epoch:[925][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1976 (11.0142)
Epoch:[925][ 4/18]	Time 2.23 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2555 (11.0624)
Epoch:[925][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5670 (10.9799)
Epoch:[925][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7866 (10.9523)
Epoch:[925][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7741 (10.9300)
Epoch:[925][ 8/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7627 (10.9114)
Epoch:[925][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5996 (10.8802)
Epoch:[925][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5810 (10.8530)
Epoch:[925][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9571 (10.8617)
Epoch:[925][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9212 (10.8663)
Epoch:[925][13/18]	Time 2.23 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1983 (10.8900)
Epoch:[925][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7054 (10.8777)
Epoch:[925][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1201 (10.8303)
Epoch:[925][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8283 (10.8302)
Epoch:[925][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2070 (10.7956)
epoch 925 finished, takes 33.76308488845825 seconds
Epoch:[926][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6402 (10.6402)
Epoch:[926][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7032 (10.6717)
Epoch:[926][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8953 (10.7462)
Epoch:[926][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7361 (10.7437)
Epoch:[926][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2848 (10.8519)
Epoch:[926][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2177 (10.9129)
Epoch:[926][ 6/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7548 (10.8903)
Epoch:[926][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3212 (10.9442)
Epoch:[926][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7456 (10.9221)
Epoch:[926][ 9/18]	Time 1.58 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9973 (10.8296)
Epoch:[926][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7711 (10.8243)
Epoch:[926][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7913 (10.8216)
Epoch:[926][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2787 (10.8567)
Epoch:[926][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0266 (10.8689)
Epoch:[926][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6382 (10.8535)
Epoch:[926][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5713 (10.8358)
Epoch:[926][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8740 (10.8381)
Epoch:[926][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4436 (10.8162)
epoch 926 finished, takes 34.116108417510986 seconds
Epoch:[927][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9542 (9.9542)
Epoch:[927][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5576 (10.2559)
Epoch:[927][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6576 (10.3898)
Epoch:[927][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7975 (10.4917)
Epoch:[927][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1936 (10.6321)
Epoch:[927][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6569 (10.6362)
Epoch:[927][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5965 (10.6306)
Epoch:[927][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9584 (10.6715)
Epoch:[927][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5215 (10.7660)
Epoch:[927][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9156 (10.7809)
Epoch:[927][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3856 (10.7450)
Epoch:[927][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6754 (10.7392)
Epoch:[927][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7128 (10.7372)
Epoch:[927][13/18]	Time 2.22 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0509 (10.7596)
Epoch:[927][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5486 (10.7455)
Epoch:[927][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6323 (10.7384)
Epoch:[927][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5923 (10.7299)
Epoch:[927][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2925 (10.7611)
epoch 927 finished, takes 33.51730275154114 seconds
Epoch:[928][ 0/18]	Time 2.13 (2.13)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4516 (10.4516)
Epoch:[928][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3649 (10.4083)
Epoch:[928][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5267 (10.4478)
Epoch:[928][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3672 (10.6776)
Epoch:[928][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8018 (10.7024)
Epoch:[928][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4932 (10.6676)
Epoch:[928][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5677 (10.6533)
Epoch:[928][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8188 (10.6740)
Epoch:[928][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0643 (10.6062)
Epoch:[928][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8499 (10.6306)
Epoch:[928][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6179 (10.6294)
Epoch:[928][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7804 (10.6420)
Epoch:[928][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6723 (10.6444)
Epoch:[928][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6202 (10.6426)
Epoch:[928][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1551 (10.6768)
Epoch:[928][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9261 (10.6924)
Epoch:[928][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6445 (10.6896)
Epoch:[928][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9238 (10.7026)
epoch 928 finished, takes 33.99773120880127 seconds
Epoch:[929][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9197 (10.9197)
Epoch:[929][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8755 (10.8976)
Epoch:[929][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4603 (10.7518)
Epoch:[929][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2965 (10.6380)
Epoch:[929][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8655 (10.6835)
Epoch:[929][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0990 (10.7528)
Epoch:[929][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6277 (10.7349)
Epoch:[929][ 7/18]	Time 2.21 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9541 (10.7623)
Epoch:[929][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9730 (10.7857)
Epoch:[929][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9982 (10.8070)
Epoch:[929][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0621 (10.8302)
Epoch:[929][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6440 (10.8146)
Epoch:[929][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1929 (10.7668)
Epoch:[929][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6755 (10.7603)
Epoch:[929][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6079 (10.7501)
Epoch:[929][15/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4409 (10.7308)
Epoch:[929][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9998 (10.7466)
Epoch:[929][17/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0233 (10.7620)
epoch 929 finished, takes 34.131407022476196 seconds
Epoch:[930][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5795 (10.5795)
Epoch:[930][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5749 (10.5772)
Epoch:[930][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0351 (10.7298)
Epoch:[930][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0873 (10.8192)
Epoch:[930][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3086 (10.7171)
Epoch:[930][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7492 (10.7224)
Epoch:[930][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7273 (10.7231)
Epoch:[930][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4621 (10.6905)
Epoch:[930][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4204 (10.6605)
Epoch:[930][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5231 (10.6468)
Epoch:[930][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0058 (10.5885)
Epoch:[930][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9943 (10.6223)
Epoch:[930][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9719 (10.6492)
Epoch:[930][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9663 (10.6719)
Epoch:[930][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7870 (10.6795)
Epoch:[930][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6377 (10.6769)
Epoch:[930][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5038 (10.6667)
Epoch:[930][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6149 (10.7194)
epoch 930 finished, takes 33.47204852104187 seconds
Epoch:[931][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7721 (10.7721)
Epoch:[931][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4866 (10.6293)
Epoch:[931][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4801 (10.5796)
Epoch:[931][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8737 (10.6531)
Epoch:[931][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9136 (10.7052)
Epoch:[931][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5667 (10.6821)
Epoch:[931][ 6/18]	Time 2.31 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3077 (10.7715)
Epoch:[931][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7604 (10.7701)
Epoch:[931][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0657 (10.8030)
Epoch:[931][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5665 (10.7793)
Epoch:[931][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.6778 (10.8610)
Epoch:[931][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3961 (10.8223)
Epoch:[931][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8732 (10.8262)
Epoch:[931][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4069 (10.7962)
Epoch:[931][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4017 (10.7699)
Epoch:[931][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5120 (10.7538)
Epoch:[931][16/18]	Time 2.26 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6427 (10.7473)
Epoch:[931][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8487 (10.7529)
epoch 931 finished, takes 34.39906287193298 seconds
Epoch:[932][ 0/18]	Time 1.60 (1.60)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8621 (9.8621)
Epoch:[932][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2464 (10.0542)
Epoch:[932][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3587 (10.1557)
Epoch:[932][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6863 (10.2884)
Epoch:[932][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0630 (10.4433)
Epoch:[932][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6715 (10.4813)
Epoch:[932][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7911 (10.5256)
Epoch:[932][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6136 (10.5366)
Epoch:[932][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2853 (10.5087)
Epoch:[932][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7476 (10.5326)
Epoch:[932][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7225 (10.5498)
Epoch:[932][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1922 (10.6034)
Epoch:[932][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8172 (10.6198)
Epoch:[932][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7734 (10.6308)
Epoch:[932][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9044 (10.6490)
Epoch:[932][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0594 (10.6747)
Epoch:[932][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3119 (10.7122)
Epoch:[932][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9905 (10.7276)
epoch 932 finished, takes 33.65458941459656 seconds
Epoch:[933][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4951 (10.4951)
Epoch:[933][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8144 (10.6547)
Epoch:[933][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6840 (10.6645)
Epoch:[933][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7312 (10.6811)
Epoch:[933][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7014 (10.6852)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6410803880698414  precision:  0.6485612496039985  f1:  0.6089558369792313 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.63830092 0.74489796 0.22205589 0.61203213]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7602008609164467  precision:  0.7734913267002825  f1:  0.7608304062339977 perclass recall:  [0.9461738  0.64791667 0.796875   0.76417234 0.69113924 0.68796069
 0.78805395 0.75931521]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7077609415653573  precision:  0.7109223718432099  f1:  0.7001889471644951 perclass recall:  [0.46648045 0.96195652 0.93023256 0.41221374 0.9        0.57568238]
Epoch:[933][ 5/18]	Time 13.99 (3.91)	Data 11.83 (1.97)	Loss 11.1742 (10.7667)
Epoch:[933][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (3.62)	Data 0.00 (1.69)	Loss 11.4722 (10.8675)
Epoch:[933][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (3.39)	Data 0.00 (1.48)	Loss 10.8508 (10.8654)
Epoch:[933][ 8/18]	Time 1.63 (3.19)	Data 0.00 (1.32)	Loss 10.1804 (10.7893)
Epoch:[933][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (3.05)	Data 0.00 (1.18)	Loss 10.4247 (10.7528)
Epoch:[933][10/18]	Time 2.18 (2.97)	Data 0.00 (1.08)	Loss 10.6795 (10.7462)
Epoch:[933][11/18]	Time 1.90 (2.88)	Data 0.00 (0.99)	Loss 10.6088 (10.7347)
Epoch:[933][12/18]	Time 1.84 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.91)	Loss 10.6604 (10.7290)
Epoch:[933][13/18]	Time 1.84 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.85)	Loss 10.8886 (10.7404)
Epoch:[933][14/18]	Time 1.73 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 10.5353 (10.7267)
Epoch:[933][15/18]	Time 1.84 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 10.2145 (10.6947)
Epoch:[933][16/18]	Time 1.72 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 10.4941 (10.6829)
Epoch:[933][17/18]	Time 1.85 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 11.0011 (10.7006)
epoch 933 finished, takes 45.36477875709534 seconds
Epoch:[934][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4213 (10.4213)
Epoch:[934][ 1/18]	Time 1.73 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6677 (10.5445)
Epoch:[934][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7064 (10.5985)
Epoch:[934][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9212 (10.6792)
Epoch:[934][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8038 (10.7041)
Epoch:[934][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0636 (10.5974)
Epoch:[934][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1674 (10.6788)
Epoch:[934][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9373 (10.7111)
Epoch:[934][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9219 (10.7345)
Epoch:[934][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1084 (10.7719)
Epoch:[934][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0817 (10.8001)
Epoch:[934][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7826 (10.7986)
Epoch:[934][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8094 (10.7995)
Epoch:[934][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0475 (10.8172)
Epoch:[934][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7263 (10.8111)
Epoch:[934][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3392 (10.7816)
Epoch:[934][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9984 (10.7944)
Epoch:[934][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7309 (10.7908)
epoch 934 finished, takes 33.68005895614624 seconds
Epoch:[935][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8006 (10.8006)
Epoch:[935][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8610 (10.8308)
Epoch:[935][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5952 (10.7522)
Epoch:[935][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7636 (10.7551)
Epoch:[935][ 4/18]	Time 2.16 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7121 (10.7465)
Epoch:[935][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4185 (10.6918)
Epoch:[935][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5047 (10.6651)
Epoch:[935][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3359 (10.7490)
Epoch:[935][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5511 (10.7270)
Epoch:[935][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9630 (10.7506)
Epoch:[935][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6076 (10.7376)
Epoch:[935][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2369 (10.7792)
Epoch:[935][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1279 (10.7291)
Epoch:[935][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7029 (10.7272)
Epoch:[935][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3652 (10.7031)
Epoch:[935][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2839 (10.6769)
Epoch:[935][16/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8396 (10.6864)
Epoch:[935][17/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1792 (10.6583)
epoch 935 finished, takes 33.65671920776367 seconds
Epoch:[936][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6058 (10.6058)
Epoch:[936][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6409 (10.6233)
Epoch:[936][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7755 (10.6740)
Epoch:[936][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2179 (10.8100)
Epoch:[936][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8009 (10.8082)
Epoch:[936][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6448 (10.7809)
Epoch:[936][ 6/18]	Time 2.20 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1782 (10.8377)
Epoch:[936][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8612 (10.8406)
Epoch:[936][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2822 (10.7786)
Epoch:[936][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2688 (10.8276)
Epoch:[936][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4166 (10.7902)
Epoch:[936][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7774 (10.7892)
Epoch:[936][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0366 (10.8082)
Epoch:[936][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7694 (10.8054)
Epoch:[936][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8834 (10.8106)
Epoch:[936][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4544 (10.7884)
Epoch:[936][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4685 (10.7695)
Epoch:[936][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5424 (10.7569)
epoch 936 finished, takes 33.9011435508728 seconds
Epoch:[937][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4338 (10.4338)
Epoch:[937][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8592 (10.6465)
Epoch:[937][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8801 (10.7244)
Epoch:[937][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3101 (10.6208)
Epoch:[937][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6069 (10.6180)
Epoch:[937][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5432 (10.6055)
Epoch:[937][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1195 (10.6790)
Epoch:[937][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4227 (10.6469)
Epoch:[937][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7675 (10.6603)
Epoch:[937][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0062 (10.6949)
Epoch:[937][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5593 (10.6826)
Epoch:[937][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4181 (10.6606)
Epoch:[937][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4823 (10.7238)
Epoch:[937][13/18]	Time 2.28 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9408 (10.7393)
Epoch:[937][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2059 (10.7704)
Epoch:[937][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5988 (10.7597)
Epoch:[937][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9594 (10.7714)
Epoch:[937][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7665 (10.7711)
epoch 937 finished, takes 34.61028790473938 seconds
Epoch:[938][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3874 (11.3874)
Epoch:[938][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1974 (10.7924)
Epoch:[938][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6790 (10.7546)
Epoch:[938][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3738 (10.6594)
Epoch:[938][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6322 (10.6539)
Epoch:[938][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9184 (10.6980)
Epoch:[938][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4653 (10.6648)
Epoch:[938][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0212 (10.7093)
Epoch:[938][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0700 (10.6383)
Epoch:[938][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9768 (10.6722)
Epoch:[938][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2085 (10.7209)
Epoch:[938][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2605 (10.6825)
Epoch:[938][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4507 (10.6647)
Epoch:[938][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9867 (10.6877)
Epoch:[938][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8841 (10.7008)
Epoch:[938][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0577 (10.7231)
Epoch:[938][16/18]	Time 1.61 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9137 (10.7343)
Epoch:[938][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8003 (10.7380)
epoch 938 finished, takes 33.42435026168823 seconds
Epoch:[939][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6147 (10.6147)
Epoch:[939][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5555 (10.5851)
Epoch:[939][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9654 (10.7119)
Epoch:[939][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7727 (10.7271)
Epoch:[939][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3973 (10.8611)
Epoch:[939][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9945 (10.8834)
Epoch:[939][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8910 (10.8845)
Epoch:[939][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7544 (10.8682)
Epoch:[939][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5129 (10.8287)
Epoch:[939][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3836 (10.7842)
Epoch:[939][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8959 (10.7944)
Epoch:[939][11/18]	Time 1.55 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6614 (10.7833)
Epoch:[939][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3164 (10.8243)
Epoch:[939][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8012 (10.8226)
Epoch:[939][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5050 (10.8015)
Epoch:[939][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8310 (10.8033)
Epoch:[939][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5017 (10.7856)
Epoch:[939][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5683 (10.7735)
epoch 939 finished, takes 33.072057247161865 seconds
Epoch:[940][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0112 (11.0112)
Epoch:[940][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4222 (10.7167)
Epoch:[940][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4060 (10.9465)
Epoch:[940][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7765 (10.9040)
Epoch:[940][ 4/18]	Time 2.22 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7596 (10.8751)
Epoch:[940][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5187 (10.8157)
Epoch:[940][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9076 (10.8288)
Epoch:[940][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5575 (10.7949)
Epoch:[940][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9210 (10.8089)
Epoch:[940][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6898 (10.7970)
Epoch:[940][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8085 (10.7981)
Epoch:[940][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3598 (10.7615)
Epoch:[940][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4202 (10.7353)
Epoch:[940][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1068 (10.6904)
Epoch:[940][14/18]	Time 2.20 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9670 (10.7088)
Epoch:[940][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7231 (10.7097)
Epoch:[940][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5651 (10.7012)
Epoch:[940][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4753 (10.6887)
epoch 940 finished, takes 33.94588780403137 seconds
Epoch:[941][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9599 (10.9599)
Epoch:[941][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5946 (10.7773)
Epoch:[941][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5316 (10.6954)
Epoch:[941][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6328 (10.6797)
Epoch:[941][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8054 (10.7048)
Epoch:[941][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7695 (10.7156)
Epoch:[941][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3521 (10.6637)
Epoch:[941][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7624 (10.6760)
Epoch:[941][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9471 (10.7061)
Epoch:[941][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1061 (10.7461)
Epoch:[941][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9010 (10.7602)
Epoch:[941][11/18]	Time 2.28 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9184 (10.7734)
Epoch:[941][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4898 (10.7516)
Epoch:[941][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3499 (10.7229)
Epoch:[941][14/18]	Time 1.58 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7819 (10.7268)
Epoch:[941][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2989 (10.7001)
Epoch:[941][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4755 (10.6869)
Epoch:[941][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4366 (10.6730)
epoch 941 finished, takes 33.42944264411926 seconds
Epoch:[942][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2462 (11.2462)
Epoch:[942][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5204 (10.8833)
Epoch:[942][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6197 (10.7954)
Epoch:[942][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5981 (10.7461)
Epoch:[942][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0595 (10.6088)
Epoch:[942][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8157 (10.6433)
Epoch:[942][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6193 (10.6398)
Epoch:[942][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2663 (10.5932)
Epoch:[942][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7468 (10.6102)
Epoch:[942][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6046 (10.6097)
Epoch:[942][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5938 (10.6082)
Epoch:[942][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5649 (10.6046)
Epoch:[942][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4127 (10.6668)
Epoch:[942][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4439 (10.6509)
Epoch:[942][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8795 (10.6661)
Epoch:[942][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6551 (10.6654)
Epoch:[942][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7717 (10.6717)
Epoch:[942][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9807 (10.6333)
epoch 942 finished, takes 33.53011703491211 seconds
Epoch:[943][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7322 (10.7322)
Epoch:[943][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6977 (10.7150)
Epoch:[943][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4852 (10.6384)
Epoch:[943][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7074 (10.6556)
Epoch:[943][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9617 (10.7168)
Epoch:[943][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5024 (10.6811)
Epoch:[943][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2638 (10.6215)
Epoch:[943][ 7/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2722 (10.7028)
Epoch:[943][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9616 (10.7316)
Epoch:[943][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4187 (10.7003)
Epoch:[943][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0452 (10.7317)
Epoch:[943][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2108 (10.6882)
Epoch:[943][12/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6199 (10.6830)
Epoch:[943][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6801 (10.6828)
Epoch:[943][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3900 (10.6633)
Epoch:[943][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5967 (10.6591)
Epoch:[943][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9477 (10.6761)
Epoch:[943][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0107 (10.6947)
epoch 943 finished, takes 33.6918728351593 seconds
Epoch:[944][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1409 (11.1409)
Epoch:[944][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9298 (11.0353)
Epoch:[944][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5234 (11.1980)
Epoch:[944][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5982 (11.0480)
Epoch:[944][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6557 (10.9696)
Epoch:[944][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7013 (10.9249)
Epoch:[944][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3170 (10.8380)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6345427823951834  precision:  0.647970500637002  f1:  0.603657748383408 perclass recall:  [0.98835275 0.66890732 0.74411303 0.22288756 0.54845326]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7522993641635194  precision:  0.7696736641982398  f1:  0.7551706527966867 perclass recall:  [0.95330739 0.62708333 0.79464286 0.70294785 0.73924051 0.66584767
 0.76493256 0.77039275]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7078956315180077  precision:  0.7061679137720972  f1:  0.6970125790687347 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96263587 0.94883721 0.41412214 0.90909091 0.5601737 ]
Epoch:[944][ 7/18]	Time 13.32 (3.32)	Data 11.48 (1.44)	Loss 11.0473 (10.8642)
Epoch:[944][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (3.16)	Data 0.00 (1.28)	Loss 10.8325 (10.8607)
Epoch:[944][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (3.01)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 10.7625 (10.8508)
Epoch:[944][10/18]	Time 1.78 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 10.4938 (10.8184)
Epoch:[944][11/18]	Time 1.86 (2.82)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 10.7573 (10.8133)
Epoch:[944][12/18]	Time 1.99 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 10.4738 (10.7872)
Epoch:[944][13/18]	Time 1.81 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 10.6354 (10.7763)
Epoch:[944][14/18]	Time 1.87 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 10.7523 (10.7747)
Epoch:[944][15/18]	Time 1.91 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 11.0487 (10.7919)
Epoch:[944][16/18]	Time 1.98 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 11.2064 (10.8162)
Epoch:[944][17/18]	Time 2.02 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 10.7911 (10.8148)
epoch 944 finished, takes 45.369149923324585 seconds
Epoch:[945][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1711 (10.1711)
Epoch:[945][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7503 (10.4607)
Epoch:[945][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6267 (10.5160)
Epoch:[945][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3085 (10.4642)
Epoch:[945][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0204 (10.5754)
Epoch:[945][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2243 (10.6836)
Epoch:[945][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0613 (10.5947)
Epoch:[945][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6431 (10.6007)
Epoch:[945][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5955 (10.6002)
Epoch:[945][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6459 (10.6047)
Epoch:[945][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3739 (10.5837)
Epoch:[945][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8771 (10.6082)
Epoch:[945][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1823 (10.5754)
Epoch:[945][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6453 (10.5804)
Epoch:[945][14/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9080 (10.6023)
Epoch:[945][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7049 (10.6087)
Epoch:[945][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8326 (10.6218)
Epoch:[945][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4816 (10.6141)
epoch 945 finished, takes 33.4103946685791 seconds
Epoch:[946][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3859 (10.3859)
Epoch:[946][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7923 (10.5891)
Epoch:[946][ 2/18]	Time 1.52 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1686 (10.4489)
Epoch:[946][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4365 (10.4458)
Epoch:[946][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6994 (10.4965)
Epoch:[946][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6017 (10.5141)
Epoch:[946][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9121 (10.5709)
Epoch:[946][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6867 (10.5854)
Epoch:[946][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7811 (10.6072)
Epoch:[946][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5995 (10.6064)
Epoch:[946][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6213 (10.6077)
Epoch:[946][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2928 (10.5815)
Epoch:[946][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5427 (10.5785)
Epoch:[946][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1915 (10.6223)
Epoch:[946][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3570 (10.6046)
Epoch:[946][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7699 (10.6149)
Epoch:[946][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5787 (10.6128)
Epoch:[946][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7351 (10.6196)
epoch 946 finished, takes 33.33542561531067 seconds
Epoch:[947][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9260 (10.9260)
Epoch:[947][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8677 (10.8969)
Epoch:[947][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7126 (10.8354)
Epoch:[947][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2684 (10.6937)
Epoch:[947][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6673 (10.6884)
Epoch:[947][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6972 (10.6899)
Epoch:[947][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6923 (10.6902)
Epoch:[947][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7945 (10.7032)
Epoch:[947][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6913 (10.7019)
Epoch:[947][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4578 (10.6775)
Epoch:[947][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5824 (10.6689)
Epoch:[947][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6303 (10.5823)
Epoch:[947][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3108 (10.5614)
Epoch:[947][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6787 (10.5698)
Epoch:[947][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5428 (10.5680)
Epoch:[947][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9873 (10.5942)
Epoch:[947][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4441 (10.6442)
Epoch:[947][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4170 (10.6316)
epoch 947 finished, takes 33.69683527946472 seconds
Epoch:[948][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1349 (11.1349)
Epoch:[948][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4145 (10.7747)
Epoch:[948][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4670 (10.6721)
Epoch:[948][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6814 (10.6744)
Epoch:[948][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2757 (10.5947)
Epoch:[948][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4952 (10.5781)
Epoch:[948][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2291 (10.5283)
Epoch:[948][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2867 (10.6231)
Epoch:[948][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4764 (10.6068)
Epoch:[948][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5605 (10.6022)
Epoch:[948][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0461 (10.5516)
Epoch:[948][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4981 (10.5471)
Epoch:[948][12/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1768 (10.5956)
Epoch:[948][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6675 (10.6007)
Epoch:[948][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0290 (10.6293)
Epoch:[948][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5242 (10.6227)
Epoch:[948][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7436 (10.6298)
Epoch:[948][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0043 (10.6506)
epoch 948 finished, takes 33.794968366622925 seconds
Epoch:[949][ 0/18]	Time 2.20 (2.20)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4126 (11.4126)
Epoch:[949][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1759 (10.7943)
Epoch:[949][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7502 (10.7796)
Epoch:[949][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4194 (10.6895)
Epoch:[949][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5972 (10.6711)
Epoch:[949][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3489 (10.7840)
Epoch:[949][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4501 (10.7363)
Epoch:[949][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2103 (10.7956)
Epoch:[949][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5557 (10.7689)
Epoch:[949][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1502 (10.8070)
Epoch:[949][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6943 (10.7968)
Epoch:[949][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7330 (10.7915)
Epoch:[949][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2565 (10.7503)
Epoch:[949][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0355 (10.7707)
Epoch:[949][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1194 (10.7939)
Epoch:[949][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5617 (10.7794)
Epoch:[949][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3260 (10.7528)
Epoch:[949][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2005 (10.7221)
epoch 949 finished, takes 34.13701033592224 seconds
Epoch:[950][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4724 (10.4724)
Epoch:[950][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6259 (10.5492)
Epoch:[950][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2163 (10.4382)
Epoch:[950][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3153 (10.4075)
Epoch:[950][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9019 (10.5064)
Epoch:[950][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5138 (10.5076)
Epoch:[950][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7512 (10.5424)
Epoch:[950][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5014 (10.5373)
Epoch:[950][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4216 (10.5244)
Epoch:[950][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8270 (10.5547)
Epoch:[950][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5461 (10.5539)
Epoch:[950][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5015 (10.5495)
Epoch:[950][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7637 (10.5660)
Epoch:[950][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7179 (10.5769)
Epoch:[950][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5250 (10.5734)
Epoch:[950][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2408 (10.6151)
Epoch:[950][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8808 (10.6307)
Epoch:[950][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4560 (10.6210)
epoch 950 finished, takes 33.619765758514404 seconds
Epoch:[951][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2747 (11.2747)
Epoch:[951][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8782 (11.0764)
Epoch:[951][ 2/18]	Time 1.57 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6479 (10.9336)
Epoch:[951][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2450 (10.7614)
Epoch:[951][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0859 (10.8263)
Epoch:[951][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3846 (10.7527)
Epoch:[951][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3557 (10.8389)
Epoch:[951][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4696 (10.7927)
Epoch:[951][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3178 (10.8510)
Epoch:[951][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8240 (10.8483)
Epoch:[951][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4977 (10.8165)
Epoch:[951][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4202 (10.7834)
Epoch:[951][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7274 (10.7791)
Epoch:[951][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8206 (10.7821)
Epoch:[951][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6684 (10.7745)
Epoch:[951][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6575 (10.7672)
Epoch:[951][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4079 (10.7461)
Epoch:[951][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4036 (10.7270)
epoch 951 finished, takes 33.21175503730774 seconds
Epoch:[952][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8002 (10.8002)
Epoch:[952][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9234 (10.8618)
Epoch:[952][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7385 (10.8207)
Epoch:[952][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6942 (10.7891)
Epoch:[952][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3434 (10.8999)
Epoch:[952][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6207 (10.8534)
Epoch:[952][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1068 (10.8896)
Epoch:[952][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4179 (10.8306)
Epoch:[952][ 8/18]	Time 2.56 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0122 (10.8508)
Epoch:[952][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8212 (10.8478)
Epoch:[952][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4900 (10.8153)
Epoch:[952][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4525 (10.7851)
Epoch:[952][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4071 (10.7560)
Epoch:[952][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4817 (10.7364)
Epoch:[952][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6863 (10.7331)
Epoch:[952][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6647 (10.7288)
Epoch:[952][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7021 (10.7272)
Epoch:[952][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2179 (10.6989)
epoch 952 finished, takes 33.98332905769348 seconds
Epoch:[953][ 0/18]	Time 2.25 (2.25)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4465 (11.4465)
Epoch:[953][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9799 (11.2132)
Epoch:[953][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3192 (10.9152)
Epoch:[953][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8639 (10.9024)
Epoch:[953][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4245 (10.8068)
Epoch:[953][ 5/18]	Time 2.11 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0384 (10.8454)
Epoch:[953][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1805 (10.7504)
Epoch:[953][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8187 (10.7589)
Epoch:[953][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5984 (10.7411)
Epoch:[953][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5324 (10.7202)
Epoch:[953][10/18]	Time 2.25 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8835 (10.7351)
Epoch:[953][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6498 (10.7280)
Epoch:[953][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0996 (10.7566)
Epoch:[953][13/18]	Time 1.53 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6916 (10.7519)
Epoch:[953][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7436 (10.7514)
Epoch:[953][15/18]	Time 2.37 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1331 (10.7752)
Epoch:[953][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5677 (10.7630)
Epoch:[953][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7630 (10.7630)
epoch 953 finished, takes 34.659244537353516 seconds
Epoch:[954][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4807 (11.4807)
Epoch:[954][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6297 (11.0552)
Epoch:[954][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2405 (10.7836)
Epoch:[954][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9437 (10.8236)
Epoch:[954][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6725 (10.7934)
Epoch:[954][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4374 (10.7341)
Epoch:[954][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2169 (10.6602)
Epoch:[954][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0919 (10.7142)
Epoch:[954][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7446 (10.7175)
Epoch:[954][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4799 (10.6938)
Epoch:[954][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9725 (10.7191)
Epoch:[954][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1395 (10.7542)
Epoch:[954][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0995 (10.7038)
Epoch:[954][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2618 (10.6722)
Epoch:[954][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5388 (10.6633)
Epoch:[954][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3826 (10.6458)
Epoch:[954][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7888 (10.6542)
Epoch:[954][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7219 (10.6580)
epoch 954 finished, takes 33.419400215148926 seconds
Epoch:[955][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4798 (10.4798)
Epoch:[955][ 1/18]	Time 1.56 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7184 (10.5991)
Epoch:[955][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5878 (10.5953)
Epoch:[955][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6272 (10.6033)
Epoch:[955][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6938 (10.6214)
Epoch:[955][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5603 (10.6112)
Epoch:[955][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0550 (10.6746)
Epoch:[955][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9146 (10.7046)
Epoch:[955][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6653 (10.7002)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6335507336405628  precision:  0.6426385060041822  f1:  0.6018178912884029 perclass recall:  [0.98550036 0.63787185 0.74960754 0.22222222 0.5725517 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.754653124568077  precision:  0.770958808680267  f1:  0.7583859255678547 perclass recall:  [0.95071336 0.6375     0.796875   0.72789116 0.72405063 0.63636364
 0.78034682 0.78348439]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7099367767441045  precision:  0.7102915629998381  f1:  0.7001366744504289 perclass recall:  [0.46648045 0.96331522 0.95348837 0.41030534 0.90151515 0.56451613]
Epoch:[955][ 9/18]	Time 13.75 (3.00)	Data 11.63 (1.16)	Loss 10.7547 (10.7057)
Epoch:[955][10/18]	Time 1.96 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.06)	Loss 10.7748 (10.7120)
Epoch:[955][11/18]	Time 1.75 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.97)	Loss 10.3379 (10.6808)
Epoch:[955][12/18]	Time 1.87 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.90)	Loss 10.9095 (10.6984)
Epoch:[955][13/18]	Time 1.75 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.83)	Loss 10.1160 (10.6568)
Epoch:[955][14/18]	Time 2.11 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.78)	Loss 10.6983 (10.6596)
Epoch:[955][15/18]	Time 1.88 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.73)	Loss 10.9092 (10.6752)
Epoch:[955][16/18]	Time 1.73 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.6774 (10.6753)
Epoch:[955][17/18]	Time 1.73 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 11.3324 (10.7118)
epoch 955 finished, takes 44.75955605506897 seconds
Epoch:[956][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1735 (11.1735)
Epoch:[956][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2765 (11.2250)
Epoch:[956][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5274 (10.9925)
Epoch:[956][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7337 (10.9278)
Epoch:[956][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8623 (10.9147)
Epoch:[956][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5035 (10.8462)
Epoch:[956][ 6/18]	Time 2.20 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5354 (10.8018)
Epoch:[956][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9438 (10.8195)
Epoch:[956][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7349 (10.8101)
Epoch:[956][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3116 (10.8603)
Epoch:[956][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9771 (10.8709)
Epoch:[956][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4466 (10.8355)
Epoch:[956][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3475 (10.7980)
Epoch:[956][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6382 (10.7866)
Epoch:[956][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6098 (10.7748)
Epoch:[956][15/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7650 (10.7742)
Epoch:[956][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8457 (10.7784)
Epoch:[956][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6893 (10.7734)
epoch 956 finished, takes 33.66968560218811 seconds
Epoch:[957][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2994 (10.2994)
Epoch:[957][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5305 (10.4149)
Epoch:[957][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5794 (10.4698)
Epoch:[957][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6907 (10.5250)
Epoch:[957][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7052 (10.5610)
Epoch:[957][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9061 (10.6185)
Epoch:[957][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4463 (10.5939)
Epoch:[957][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5192 (10.5846)
Epoch:[957][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6133 (10.5878)
Epoch:[957][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8074 (10.6097)
Epoch:[957][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0420 (10.6490)
Epoch:[957][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3012 (10.6201)
Epoch:[957][12/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6683 (10.6238)
Epoch:[957][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3929 (10.6073)
Epoch:[957][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2783 (10.5853)
Epoch:[957][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1332 (10.5571)
Epoch:[957][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9006 (10.5773)
Epoch:[957][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5856 (10.5778)
epoch 957 finished, takes 33.3005096912384 seconds
Epoch:[958][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6296 (10.6296)
Epoch:[958][ 1/18]	Time 1.73 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4500 (10.5398)
Epoch:[958][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8105 (10.6300)
Epoch:[958][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2290 (10.7798)
Epoch:[958][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7152 (10.7669)
Epoch:[958][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8290 (10.7772)
Epoch:[958][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3245 (10.7125)
Epoch:[958][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1141 (10.6377)
Epoch:[958][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9644 (10.6740)
Epoch:[958][ 9/18]	Time 1.60 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8596 (10.6926)
Epoch:[958][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8519 (10.7071)
Epoch:[958][11/18]	Time 2.33 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3592 (10.7614)
Epoch:[958][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3967 (10.7333)
Epoch:[958][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8752 (10.7435)
Epoch:[958][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5065 (10.7277)
Epoch:[958][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2375 (10.6970)
Epoch:[958][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7856 (10.7023)
Epoch:[958][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2250 (10.7313)
epoch 958 finished, takes 33.73947834968567 seconds
Epoch:[959][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6032 (10.6032)
Epoch:[959][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8763 (10.7397)
Epoch:[959][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2897 (10.5897)
Epoch:[959][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9287 (10.6745)
Epoch:[959][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4585 (10.6313)
Epoch:[959][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8523 (10.6681)
Epoch:[959][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9124 (10.7030)
Epoch:[959][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5400 (10.6826)
Epoch:[959][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7367 (10.6886)
Epoch:[959][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0257 (10.7223)
Epoch:[959][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5205 (10.7040)
Epoch:[959][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8390 (10.7152)
Epoch:[959][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5508 (10.7026)
Epoch:[959][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4450 (10.6842)
Epoch:[959][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0046 (10.7056)
Epoch:[959][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4513 (10.6897)
Epoch:[959][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1294 (10.6567)
Epoch:[959][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6572 (10.6567)
epoch 959 finished, takes 33.2759907245636 seconds
Epoch:[960][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3931 (10.3931)
Epoch:[960][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4224 (10.4077)
Epoch:[960][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8492 (10.5549)
Epoch:[960][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0904 (10.4388)
Epoch:[960][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8108 (10.3132)
Epoch:[960][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0260 (10.4320)
Epoch:[960][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5114 (10.4433)
Epoch:[960][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7721 (10.4844)
Epoch:[960][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0589 (10.5482)
Epoch:[960][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0153 (10.5949)
Epoch:[960][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8764 (10.6205)
Epoch:[960][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7051 (10.6276)
Epoch:[960][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6534 (10.6296)
Epoch:[960][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7537 (10.6384)
Epoch:[960][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3048 (10.6162)
Epoch:[960][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6304 (10.6171)
Epoch:[960][16/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5757 (10.6147)
Epoch:[960][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5516 (10.6112)
epoch 960 finished, takes 33.342705488204956 seconds
Epoch:[961][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7668 (10.7668)
Epoch:[961][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7552 (10.7610)
Epoch:[961][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2215 (10.9145)
Epoch:[961][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7139 (10.8643)
Epoch:[961][ 4/18]	Time 2.08 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7748 (10.8464)
Epoch:[961][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2995 (10.7553)
Epoch:[961][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9426 (10.6392)
Epoch:[961][ 7/18]	Time 1.61 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9420 (10.6770)
Epoch:[961][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5287 (10.6606)
Epoch:[961][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0044 (10.5949)
Epoch:[961][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8201 (10.6154)
Epoch:[961][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9112 (10.6401)
Epoch:[961][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9841 (10.6665)
Epoch:[961][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7000 (10.6689)
Epoch:[961][14/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8993 (10.6843)
Epoch:[961][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8118 (10.6922)
Epoch:[961][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4445 (10.6777)
Epoch:[961][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7560 (10.6820)
epoch 961 finished, takes 34.345972537994385 seconds
Epoch:[962][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3546 (10.3546)
Epoch:[962][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3700 (10.3623)
Epoch:[962][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6245 (10.4497)
Epoch:[962][ 3/18]	Time 2.15 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7218 (10.5177)
Epoch:[962][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8561 (10.5854)
Epoch:[962][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8178 (10.6241)
Epoch:[962][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6013 (10.6209)
Epoch:[962][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4444 (10.5988)
Epoch:[962][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2468 (10.6708)
Epoch:[962][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0280 (10.7065)
Epoch:[962][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0439 (10.6463)
Epoch:[962][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7193 (10.6524)
Epoch:[962][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5079 (10.6413)
Epoch:[962][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4219 (10.6256)
Epoch:[962][14/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7388 (10.6331)
Epoch:[962][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2391 (10.6710)
Epoch:[962][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6795 (10.6715)
Epoch:[962][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7996 (10.6786)
epoch 962 finished, takes 33.89177656173706 seconds
Epoch:[963][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8393 (10.8393)
Epoch:[963][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6566 (10.7479)
Epoch:[963][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7014 (10.7324)
Epoch:[963][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1872 (10.8461)
Epoch:[963][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2541 (10.9277)
Epoch:[963][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7079 (10.8911)
Epoch:[963][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5451 (10.8416)
Epoch:[963][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6841 (10.8219)
Epoch:[963][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5853 (10.7957)
Epoch:[963][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5003 (10.7661)
Epoch:[963][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3251 (10.7260)
Epoch:[963][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3320 (10.6932)
Epoch:[963][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4864 (10.7542)
Epoch:[963][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4110 (10.7297)
Epoch:[963][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3901 (10.7070)
Epoch:[963][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8732 (10.7174)
Epoch:[963][16/18]	Time 1.58 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4747 (10.7032)
Epoch:[963][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0395 (10.6663)
epoch 963 finished, takes 33.746498584747314 seconds
Epoch:[964][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9094 (10.9094)
Epoch:[964][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4284 (10.6689)
Epoch:[964][ 2/18]	Time 2.16 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8649 (10.7342)
Epoch:[964][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2612 (10.8660)
Epoch:[964][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6076 (10.8143)
Epoch:[964][ 5/18]	Time 1.52 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8527 (10.6540)
Epoch:[964][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8942 (10.6883)
Epoch:[964][ 7/18]	Time 2.26 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8212 (10.7050)
Epoch:[964][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5858 (10.6917)
Epoch:[964][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0360 (10.7261)
Epoch:[964][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7477 (10.7281)
Epoch:[964][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4713 (10.7067)
Epoch:[964][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2088 (10.6684)
Epoch:[964][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0449 (10.6953)
Epoch:[964][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9309 (10.7110)
Epoch:[964][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3690 (10.7521)
Epoch:[964][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7370 (10.7512)
Epoch:[964][17/18]	Time 2.24 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6433 (10.7452)
epoch 964 finished, takes 34.65856981277466 seconds
Epoch:[965][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9259 (10.9259)
Epoch:[965][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6269 (10.7764)
Epoch:[965][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5050 (10.6859)
Epoch:[965][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4573 (10.6288)
Epoch:[965][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0036 (10.7037)
Epoch:[965][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5297 (10.6747)
Epoch:[965][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7479 (10.6852)
Epoch:[965][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6142 (10.6763)
Epoch:[965][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4297 (10.6489)
Epoch:[965][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5059 (10.6346)
Epoch:[965][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7708 (10.6470)
Epoch:[965][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1541 (10.6059)
Epoch:[965][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1634 (10.6488)
Epoch:[965][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6053 (10.6457)
Epoch:[965][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8957 (10.6624)
Epoch:[965][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6335 (10.6606)
Epoch:[965][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7571 (10.6662)
Epoch:[965][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3255 (10.7029)
epoch 965 finished, takes 32.86286807060242 seconds
Epoch:[966][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4961 (10.4961)
Epoch:[966][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9264 (10.7113)
Epoch:[966][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5849 (10.6691)
Epoch:[966][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8178 (10.7063)
Epoch:[966][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4507 (10.6552)
Epoch:[966][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0915 (10.7279)
Epoch:[966][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6937 (10.7230)
Epoch:[966][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4313 (10.6865)
Epoch:[966][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3768 (10.6521)
Epoch:[966][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7003 (10.6569)
Epoch:[966][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8462 (10.6741)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.63712673937074  precision:  0.6496414445526485  f1:  0.6068484677384948 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.65989703 0.74372057 0.22288756 0.5710135 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7557412752802966  precision:  0.7709429706116896  f1:  0.7581529753466181 perclass recall:  [0.94552529 0.65       0.79241071 0.69387755 0.75189873 0.64864865
 0.78612717 0.77744209]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7032084966212174  precision:  0.7085786635955468  f1:  0.6951924639856476 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96331522 0.94883721 0.39503817 0.9        0.5707196 ]
Epoch:[966][11/18]	Time 13.42 (2.83)	Data 11.53 (0.96)	Loss 10.4687 (10.6570)
Epoch:[966][12/18]	Time 1.69 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.89)	Loss 10.4625 (10.6421)
Epoch:[966][13/18]	Time 1.66 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 11.0646 (10.6722)
Epoch:[966][14/18]	Time 1.64 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 10.3610 (10.6515)
Epoch:[966][15/18]	Time 1.72 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 10.4531 (10.6391)
Epoch:[966][16/18]	Time 2.13 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 11.4193 (10.6850)
Epoch:[966][17/18]	Time 1.70 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 10.1529 (10.6554)
epoch 966 finished, takes 44.53476309776306 seconds
Epoch:[967][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5327 (10.5327)
Epoch:[967][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4722 (10.5024)
Epoch:[967][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8705 (10.6251)
Epoch:[967][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4800 (10.5888)
Epoch:[967][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8384 (10.6387)
Epoch:[967][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2231 (10.5695)
Epoch:[967][ 6/18]	Time 1.53 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2634 (10.5257)
Epoch:[967][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6896 (10.5462)
Epoch:[967][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8559 (10.5806)
Epoch:[967][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4777 (10.5703)
Epoch:[967][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4784 (10.5620)
Epoch:[967][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6355 (10.5681)
Epoch:[967][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9424 (10.5969)
Epoch:[967][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0928 (10.5609)
Epoch:[967][14/18]	Time 1.64 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3911 (10.5496)
Epoch:[967][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5593 (10.5502)
Epoch:[967][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4881 (10.5465)
Epoch:[967][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6998 (10.5550)
epoch 967 finished, takes 32.710119009017944 seconds
Epoch:[968][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3521 (11.3521)
Epoch:[968][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3016 (11.3268)
Epoch:[968][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8298 (11.1611)
Epoch:[968][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6493 (11.0332)
Epoch:[968][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3259 (10.8917)
Epoch:[968][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8014 (10.8767)
Epoch:[968][ 6/18]	Time 2.14 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7067 (10.8524)
Epoch:[968][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1655 (10.7665)
Epoch:[968][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1301 (10.6958)
Epoch:[968][ 9/18]	Time 1.61 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1389 (10.6401)
Epoch:[968][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6797 (10.6437)
Epoch:[968][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9289 (10.6675)
Epoch:[968][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9440 (10.6888)
Epoch:[968][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1398 (10.6495)
Epoch:[968][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8545 (10.6632)
Epoch:[968][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9895 (10.6836)
Epoch:[968][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6828 (10.6836)
Epoch:[968][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9562 (10.6987)
epoch 968 finished, takes 34.23672842979431 seconds
Epoch:[969][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0439 (11.0439)
Epoch:[969][ 1/18]	Time 1.73 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9939 (10.5189)
Epoch:[969][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4084 (10.4821)
Epoch:[969][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6226 (10.5172)
Epoch:[969][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2849 (10.4707)
Epoch:[969][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3213 (10.4458)
Epoch:[969][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8777 (10.5075)
Epoch:[969][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0634 (10.5770)
Epoch:[969][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1050 (10.6357)
Epoch:[969][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5245 (10.6245)
Epoch:[969][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6083 (10.6231)
Epoch:[969][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6046 (10.6215)
Epoch:[969][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9051 (10.6433)
Epoch:[969][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4195 (10.6274)
Epoch:[969][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3042 (10.6058)
Epoch:[969][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1689 (10.6410)
Epoch:[969][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8906 (10.6557)
Epoch:[969][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3420 (10.6383)
epoch 969 finished, takes 33.70256567001343 seconds
Epoch:[970][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6849 (10.6849)
Epoch:[970][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4405 (10.5627)
Epoch:[970][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5599 (10.5617)
Epoch:[970][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0453 (10.6826)
Epoch:[970][ 4/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3860 (10.8233)
Epoch:[970][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3674 (10.7473)
Epoch:[970][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2304 (10.6735)
Epoch:[970][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3229 (10.6296)
Epoch:[970][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5055 (10.6159)
Epoch:[970][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3098 (10.5853)
Epoch:[970][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7138 (10.5969)
Epoch:[970][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5926 (10.5966)
Epoch:[970][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7796 (10.5337)
Epoch:[970][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0018 (10.5672)
Epoch:[970][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3743 (10.5543)
Epoch:[970][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5261 (10.5525)
Epoch:[970][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1965 (10.5904)
Epoch:[970][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6208 (10.5921)
epoch 970 finished, takes 33.61901092529297 seconds
Epoch:[971][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7009 (10.7009)
Epoch:[971][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9240 (10.3124)
Epoch:[971][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6345 (10.4198)
Epoch:[971][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9842 (10.5609)
Epoch:[971][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4467 (10.5381)
Epoch:[971][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6510 (10.5569)
Epoch:[971][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7286 (10.5814)
Epoch:[971][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3267 (10.5496)
Epoch:[971][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4992 (10.5440)
Epoch:[971][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2097 (10.6106)
Epoch:[971][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8581 (10.6331)
Epoch:[971][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3898 (10.6128)
Epoch:[971][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3798 (10.5949)
Epoch:[971][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5454 (10.5913)
Epoch:[971][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9039 (10.6122)
Epoch:[971][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6304 (10.6133)
Epoch:[971][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6165 (10.6135)
Epoch:[971][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0122 (10.5801)
epoch 971 finished, takes 33.66117191314697 seconds
Epoch:[972][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6479 (10.6479)
Epoch:[972][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6523 (10.6501)
Epoch:[972][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9651 (10.7551)
Epoch:[972][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3520 (10.6543)
Epoch:[972][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5618 (10.6358)
Epoch:[972][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4196 (10.5998)
Epoch:[972][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5166 (10.5879)
Epoch:[972][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7271 (10.6053)
Epoch:[972][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1799 (10.6691)
Epoch:[972][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7816 (10.6804)
Epoch:[972][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2484 (10.6411)
Epoch:[972][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8412 (10.6578)
Epoch:[972][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7272 (10.6631)
Epoch:[972][13/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8737 (10.6782)
Epoch:[972][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4270 (10.6614)
Epoch:[972][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8363 (10.6099)
Epoch:[972][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9878 (10.6321)
Epoch:[972][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3542 (10.6167)
epoch 972 finished, takes 33.845744132995605 seconds
Epoch:[973][ 0/18]	Time 2.45 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9981 (10.9981)
Epoch:[973][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6213 (10.8097)
Epoch:[973][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5766 (10.7320)
Epoch:[973][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5002 (10.6740)
Epoch:[973][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0157 (10.5424)
Epoch:[973][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4137 (10.5209)
Epoch:[973][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5996 (10.5322)
Epoch:[973][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3300 (10.5069)
Epoch:[973][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6813 (10.5263)
Epoch:[973][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3229 (10.6059)
Epoch:[973][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6165 (10.6069)
Epoch:[973][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3268 (10.6669)
Epoch:[973][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7324 (10.6719)
Epoch:[973][13/18]	Time 1.59 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6298 (10.6689)
Epoch:[973][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2827 (10.6432)
Epoch:[973][15/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6526 (10.6438)
Epoch:[973][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1969 (10.6763)
Epoch:[973][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9730 (10.6928)
epoch 973 finished, takes 33.93761897087097 seconds
Epoch:[974][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5945 (10.5945)
Epoch:[974][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5663 (10.5804)
Epoch:[974][ 2/18]	Time 2.26 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5748 (10.5785)
Epoch:[974][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6725 (10.6020)
Epoch:[974][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6755 (10.6167)
Epoch:[974][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8563 (10.6566)
Epoch:[974][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5761 (10.6451)
Epoch:[974][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1979 (10.5892)
Epoch:[974][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2952 (10.5566)
Epoch:[974][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0982 (10.6107)
Epoch:[974][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7508 (10.6235)
Epoch:[974][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7940 (10.6377)
Epoch:[974][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3978 (10.6192)
Epoch:[974][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8726 (10.6373)
Epoch:[974][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6491 (10.6381)
Epoch:[974][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8054 (10.5861)
Epoch:[974][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7605 (10.5963)
Epoch:[974][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3712 (10.5838)
epoch 974 finished, takes 33.66528034210205 seconds
Epoch:[975][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3458 (10.3458)
Epoch:[975][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5210 (10.4334)
Epoch:[975][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6130 (10.4932)
Epoch:[975][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6000 (10.5199)
Epoch:[975][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8144 (10.5788)
Epoch:[975][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1137 (10.5013)
Epoch:[975][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0093 (10.5739)
Epoch:[975][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0789 (10.6370)
Epoch:[975][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6233 (10.6355)
Epoch:[975][ 9/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7739 (10.6493)
Epoch:[975][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3157 (10.6190)
Epoch:[975][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3874 (10.5997)
Epoch:[975][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8295 (10.6174)
Epoch:[975][13/18]	Time 1.59 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1384 (10.5832)
Epoch:[975][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1375 (10.6201)
Epoch:[975][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8241 (10.6329)
Epoch:[975][16/18]	Time 1.51 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1452 (10.6042)
Epoch:[975][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3413 (10.5896)
epoch 975 finished, takes 33.20533728599548 seconds
Epoch:[976][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0018 (10.0018)
Epoch:[976][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4273 (10.2145)
Epoch:[976][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3298 (10.2530)
Epoch:[976][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5576 (10.3291)
Epoch:[976][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4613 (10.3556)
Epoch:[976][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0407 (10.3031)
Epoch:[976][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7893 (10.3725)
Epoch:[976][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3260 (10.4917)
Epoch:[976][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8291 (10.5292)
Epoch:[976][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6302 (10.5393)
Epoch:[976][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1517 (10.5041)
Epoch:[976][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2725 (10.4848)
Epoch:[976][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7745 (10.5071)
Epoch:[976][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0714 (10.5474)
Epoch:[976][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6607 (10.5549)
Epoch:[976][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3390 (10.5414)
Epoch:[976][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6458 (10.5476)
Epoch:[976][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3142 (10.5346)
epoch 976 finished, takes 32.855321645736694 seconds
Epoch:[977][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2717 (10.2717)
Epoch:[977][ 1/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4019 (10.3368)
Epoch:[977][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9227 (10.5321)
Epoch:[977][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9564 (10.6382)
Epoch:[977][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9895 (10.7085)
Epoch:[977][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9824 (10.7541)
Epoch:[977][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6694 (10.7420)
Epoch:[977][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2259 (10.6775)
Epoch:[977][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3228 (10.6381)
Epoch:[977][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9220 (10.6665)
Epoch:[977][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8083 (10.6794)
Epoch:[977][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1939 (10.6389)
Epoch:[977][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7576 (10.6480)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6393424556433324  precision:  0.6557992047214138  f1:  0.6090150221705439 perclass recall:  [0.98478726 0.69021739 0.74450549 0.22105788 0.55614425]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7555386215915867  precision:  0.7702587219639572  f1:  0.7596531369123534 perclass recall:  [0.94876783 0.6625     0.79241071 0.70068027 0.74683544 0.5995086
 0.78998073 0.80362538]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.706201768068785  precision:  0.7095275779552295  f1:  0.697846500753767 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96467391 0.95348837 0.39694656 0.89545455 0.57133995]
Epoch:[977][13/18]	Time 13.61 (2.68)	Data 11.52 (0.82)	Loss 10.4255 (10.6321)
Epoch:[977][14/18]	Time 1.88 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 10.4868 (10.6225)
Epoch:[977][15/18]	Time 1.76 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 10.2866 (10.6015)
Epoch:[977][16/18]	Time 1.75 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 11.1761 (10.6353)
Epoch:[977][17/18]	Time 1.83 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 10.3515 (10.6195)
epoch 977 finished, takes 44.753308057785034 seconds
Epoch:[978][ 0/18]	Time 2.12 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8554 (10.8554)
Epoch:[978][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5196 (10.6875)
Epoch:[978][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3151 (10.5634)
Epoch:[978][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5430 (10.5583)
Epoch:[978][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4383 (10.5343)
Epoch:[978][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7970 (10.5781)
Epoch:[978][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5302 (10.5712)
Epoch:[978][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8875 (10.6108)
Epoch:[978][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5307 (10.6019)
Epoch:[978][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4688 (10.5886)
Epoch:[978][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1799 (10.5514)
Epoch:[978][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0685 (10.5945)
Epoch:[978][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2680 (10.5694)
Epoch:[978][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2642 (10.5476)
Epoch:[978][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8717 (10.5692)
Epoch:[978][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6844 (10.5764)
Epoch:[978][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7157 (10.5846)
Epoch:[978][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6393 (10.5876)
epoch 978 finished, takes 33.227256059646606 seconds
Epoch:[979][ 0/18]	Time 2.12 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7173 (10.7173)
Epoch:[979][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6629 (10.6901)
Epoch:[979][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8859 (10.7554)
Epoch:[979][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7699 (10.7590)
Epoch:[979][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9600 (10.7992)
Epoch:[979][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6959 (10.7820)
Epoch:[979][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6229 (10.7593)
Epoch:[979][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6424 (10.7446)
Epoch:[979][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8500 (10.7563)
Epoch:[979][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7889 (10.7596)
Epoch:[979][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6322 (10.7480)
Epoch:[979][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0025 (10.6859)
Epoch:[979][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1000 (10.6408)
Epoch:[979][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5482 (10.6342)
Epoch:[979][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6322 (10.6341)
Epoch:[979][15/18]	Time 1.57 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3622 (10.6171)
Epoch:[979][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6832 (10.6210)
Epoch:[979][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5455 (10.6168)
epoch 979 finished, takes 33.58729577064514 seconds
Epoch:[980][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1740 (10.1740)
Epoch:[980][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1654 (10.6697)
Epoch:[980][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6900 (10.6765)
Epoch:[980][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5412 (10.6426)
Epoch:[980][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7713 (10.6684)
Epoch:[980][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8470 (10.6981)
Epoch:[980][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7815 (10.7101)
Epoch:[980][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5404 (10.6888)
Epoch:[980][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3763 (10.6541)
Epoch:[980][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2488 (10.6136)
Epoch:[980][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9320 (10.6425)
Epoch:[980][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5901 (10.6382)
Epoch:[980][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7394 (10.6460)
Epoch:[980][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3052 (10.6216)
Epoch:[980][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7533 (10.6304)
Epoch:[980][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6344 (10.6306)
Epoch:[980][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9799 (10.6512)
Epoch:[980][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2017 (10.6262)
epoch 980 finished, takes 34.12142634391785 seconds
Epoch:[981][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8572 (10.8572)
Epoch:[981][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5065 (10.6819)
Epoch:[981][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4691 (10.6109)
Epoch:[981][ 3/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6311 (10.6160)
Epoch:[981][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6028 (10.6134)
Epoch:[981][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0646 (10.6886)
Epoch:[981][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1799 (10.6159)
Epoch:[981][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7630 (10.6343)
Epoch:[981][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6178 (10.6324)
Epoch:[981][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4836 (10.6176)
Epoch:[981][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2624 (10.5853)
Epoch:[981][11/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5750 (10.5844)
Epoch:[981][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7151 (10.5945)
Epoch:[981][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3899 (10.5799)
Epoch:[981][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0919 (10.6140)
Epoch:[981][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6714 (10.6176)
Epoch:[981][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4971 (10.6105)
Epoch:[981][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2228 (10.6445)
epoch 981 finished, takes 34.196528911590576 seconds
Epoch:[982][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5170 (10.5170)
Epoch:[982][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4287 (10.4729)
Epoch:[982][ 2/18]	Time 1.60 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7906 (10.5788)
Epoch:[982][ 3/18]	Time 2.20 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7450 (10.6203)
Epoch:[982][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4781 (10.7919)
Epoch:[982][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0148 (10.8290)
Epoch:[982][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6160 (10.7986)
Epoch:[982][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6971 (10.7859)
Epoch:[982][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3020 (10.8433)
Epoch:[982][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2407 (10.8830)
Epoch:[982][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3549 (10.8350)
Epoch:[982][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3339 (10.7932)
Epoch:[982][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4333 (10.7656)
Epoch:[982][13/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9227 (10.7768)
Epoch:[982][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5022 (10.7585)
Epoch:[982][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6529 (10.7519)
Epoch:[982][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8785 (10.7005)
Epoch:[982][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7191 (10.7015)
epoch 982 finished, takes 33.455806255340576 seconds
Epoch:[983][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7544 (10.7544)
Epoch:[983][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3169 (10.5356)
Epoch:[983][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5140 (10.5284)
Epoch:[983][ 3/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6860 (10.5678)
Epoch:[983][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5943 (10.5731)
Epoch:[983][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5868 (10.5754)
Epoch:[983][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0113 (10.4948)
Epoch:[983][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2387 (10.4628)
Epoch:[983][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0106 (10.5237)
Epoch:[983][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7849 (10.5498)
Epoch:[983][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6852 (10.5621)
Epoch:[983][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4197 (10.5502)
Epoch:[983][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9046 (10.5775)
Epoch:[983][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3978 (10.5647)
Epoch:[983][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7546 (10.5773)
Epoch:[983][15/18]	Time 2.19 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5400 (10.5750)
Epoch:[983][16/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7330 (10.5843)
Epoch:[983][17/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4813 (10.5786)
epoch 983 finished, takes 33.89693284034729 seconds
Epoch:[984][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9166 (10.9166)
Epoch:[984][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8772 (10.8969)
Epoch:[984][ 2/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3134 (10.7024)
Epoch:[984][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9482 (10.7639)
Epoch:[984][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5948 (10.7301)
Epoch:[984][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3563 (10.6678)
Epoch:[984][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6690 (10.6679)
Epoch:[984][ 7/18]	Time 2.33 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9721 (10.7059)
Epoch:[984][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1817 (10.6477)
Epoch:[984][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5416 (10.6371)
Epoch:[984][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8873 (10.6598)
Epoch:[984][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8203 (10.5899)
Epoch:[984][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1480 (10.6328)
Epoch:[984][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4643 (10.6208)
Epoch:[984][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2179 (10.5939)
Epoch:[984][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8290 (10.6086)
Epoch:[984][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7361 (10.6161)
Epoch:[984][17/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1113 (10.6436)
epoch 984 finished, takes 34.05079221725464 seconds
Epoch:[985][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9412 (10.9412)
Epoch:[985][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8598 (10.9005)
Epoch:[985][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5975 (10.7995)
Epoch:[985][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7935 (10.7980)
Epoch:[985][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2718 (10.6927)
Epoch:[985][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7592 (10.7038)
Epoch:[985][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6288 (10.6931)
Epoch:[985][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4654 (10.6647)
Epoch:[985][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3178 (10.6261)
Epoch:[985][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1940 (10.5829)
Epoch:[985][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1995 (10.5481)
Epoch:[985][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5982 (10.5522)
Epoch:[985][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7116 (10.5645)
Epoch:[985][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4566 (10.5568)
Epoch:[985][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4201 (10.5477)
Epoch:[985][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9625 (10.5736)
Epoch:[985][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4973 (10.5691)
Epoch:[985][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9245 (10.5333)
epoch 985 finished, takes 33.640135765075684 seconds
Epoch:[986][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6286 (10.6286)
Epoch:[986][ 1/18]	Time 2.18 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7829 (10.7057)
Epoch:[986][ 2/18]	Time 1.52 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0832 (10.4982)
Epoch:[986][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8726 (10.5918)
Epoch:[986][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5651 (10.5865)
Epoch:[986][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9139 (10.6411)
Epoch:[986][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5192 (10.6236)
Epoch:[986][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1733 (10.5674)
Epoch:[986][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1691 (10.5231)
Epoch:[986][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9122 (10.5620)
Epoch:[986][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1651 (10.5259)
Epoch:[986][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5398 (10.5271)
Epoch:[986][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1332 (10.5737)
Epoch:[986][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5778 (10.5740)
Epoch:[986][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9668 (10.5335)
Epoch:[986][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5679 (10.5357)
Epoch:[986][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3287 (10.5235)
Epoch:[986][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9721 (10.5484)
epoch 986 finished, takes 33.12211990356445 seconds
Epoch:[987][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0623 (10.0623)
Epoch:[987][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7780 (10.4201)
Epoch:[987][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6666 (10.5023)
Epoch:[987][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8747 (10.5954)
Epoch:[987][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9811 (10.4725)
Epoch:[987][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4251 (10.4646)
Epoch:[987][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5172 (10.4721)
Epoch:[987][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5826 (10.4859)
Epoch:[987][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1603 (10.5609)
Epoch:[987][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7729 (10.5821)
Epoch:[987][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6956 (10.5924)
Epoch:[987][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1460 (10.5552)
Epoch:[987][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1904 (10.6040)
Epoch:[987][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1298 (10.5702)
Epoch:[987][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1002 (10.5388)
Epoch:[987][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7260 (10.5505)
Epoch:[987][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9200 (10.5134)
Epoch:[987][17/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4146 (10.5079)
epoch 987 finished, takes 33.162104845047 seconds
Epoch:[988][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9173 (10.9173)
Epoch:[988][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1228 (11.0200)
Epoch:[988][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3230 (10.7877)
Epoch:[988][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3503 (10.9283)
Epoch:[988][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5171 (10.8461)
Epoch:[988][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5881 (10.8031)
Epoch:[988][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9121 (10.8187)
Epoch:[988][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3333 (10.7580)
Epoch:[988][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7680 (10.7591)
Epoch:[988][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8367 (10.7669)
Epoch:[988][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0035 (10.6975)
Epoch:[988][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4785 (10.6792)
Epoch:[988][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3514 (10.6540)
Epoch:[988][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2597 (10.6258)
Epoch:[988][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1728 (10.5956)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6430746035238519  precision:  0.6615162829807957  f1:  0.6128461924873736 perclass recall:  [0.98526266 0.70981121 0.74450549 0.22255489 0.55323876]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7565817870710425  precision:  0.7724082313362097  f1:  0.7593426988265204 perclass recall:  [0.95006485 0.63541667 0.79464286 0.70975057 0.74683544 0.65110565
 0.78034682 0.78449144]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7057005122177116  precision:  0.7106502154167655  f1:  0.6974918288756511 perclass recall:  [0.43575419 0.96331522 0.95348837 0.41030534 0.9        0.57133995]
Epoch:[988][15/18]	Time 13.51 (2.62)	Data 11.52 (0.72)	Loss 11.1462 (10.6301)
Epoch:[988][16/18]	Time 1.64 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 10.7963 (10.6398)
Epoch:[988][17/18]	Time 1.65 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 10.6400 (10.6398)
epoch 988 finished, takes 45.20571947097778 seconds
Epoch:[989][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1652 (10.1652)
Epoch:[989][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1703 (10.6677)
Epoch:[989][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4377 (10.5910)
Epoch:[989][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9013 (10.6686)
Epoch:[989][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8565 (10.5062)
Epoch:[989][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2161 (10.4578)
Epoch:[989][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6196 (10.4809)
Epoch:[989][ 7/18]	Time 2.15 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6964 (10.5079)
Epoch:[989][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2978 (10.4845)
Epoch:[989][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7630 (10.5124)
Epoch:[989][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1633 (10.4807)
Epoch:[989][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2870 (10.5478)
Epoch:[989][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5535 (10.5483)
Epoch:[989][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3706 (10.5356)
Epoch:[989][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5715 (10.5380)
Epoch:[989][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5256 (10.5372)
Epoch:[989][16/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5866 (10.5401)
Epoch:[989][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7543 (10.5520)
epoch 989 finished, takes 33.434956789016724 seconds
Epoch:[990][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5467 (10.5467)
Epoch:[990][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6564 (10.6015)
Epoch:[990][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9073 (10.7034)
Epoch:[990][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6965 (10.7017)
Epoch:[990][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1550 (10.7924)
Epoch:[990][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2140 (10.6960)
Epoch:[990][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1921 (10.6240)
Epoch:[990][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5293 (10.6122)
Epoch:[990][ 8/18]	Time 1.61 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2520 (10.5721)
Epoch:[990][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3869 (10.5536)
Epoch:[990][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3164 (10.5320)
Epoch:[990][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3515 (10.5170)
Epoch:[990][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7303 (10.5334)
Epoch:[990][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7324 (10.5476)
Epoch:[990][14/18]	Time 2.20 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5497 (10.5478)
Epoch:[990][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9196 (10.5710)
Epoch:[990][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5538 (10.5700)
Epoch:[990][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5159 (10.5670)
epoch 990 finished, takes 33.65173125267029 seconds
Epoch:[991][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9409 (9.9409)
Epoch:[991][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7785 (10.3597)
Epoch:[991][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4198 (10.3797)
Epoch:[991][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5415 (10.4202)
Epoch:[991][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1301 (10.5621)
Epoch:[991][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4664 (10.5462)
Epoch:[991][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1542 (10.6330)
Epoch:[991][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6312 (10.6328)
Epoch:[991][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5157 (10.6198)
Epoch:[991][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8185 (10.6397)
Epoch:[991][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2049 (10.6001)
Epoch:[991][11/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0850 (10.6405)
Epoch:[991][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4842 (10.6285)
Epoch:[991][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8152 (10.6418)
Epoch:[991][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6807 (10.6444)
Epoch:[991][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0826 (10.6093)
Epoch:[991][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3964 (10.5968)
Epoch:[991][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8352 (10.6100)
epoch 991 finished, takes 34.12643265724182 seconds
Epoch:[992][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1247 (10.1247)
Epoch:[992][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8874 (10.0060)
Epoch:[992][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1354 (10.3825)
Epoch:[992][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5169 (10.4161)
Epoch:[992][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3495 (10.4028)
Epoch:[992][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5044 (10.4197)
Epoch:[992][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7473 (10.4665)
Epoch:[992][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8840 (10.5187)
Epoch:[992][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9163 (10.5629)
Epoch:[992][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6990 (10.5765)
Epoch:[992][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5883 (10.5775)
Epoch:[992][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2789 (10.5527)
Epoch:[992][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6696 (10.5617)
Epoch:[992][13/18]	Time 2.18 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2279 (10.6092)
Epoch:[992][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4872 (10.6011)
Epoch:[992][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5640 (10.5988)
Epoch:[992][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2024 (10.5755)
Epoch:[992][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4805 (10.5702)
epoch 992 finished, takes 33.349526166915894 seconds
Epoch:[993][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4396 (10.4396)
Epoch:[993][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5847 (10.5122)
Epoch:[993][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3040 (10.4428)
Epoch:[993][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8153 (10.5359)
Epoch:[993][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6243 (10.5536)
Epoch:[993][ 5/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3434 (10.5186)
Epoch:[993][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1459 (10.4653)
Epoch:[993][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3027 (10.4450)
Epoch:[993][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2714 (10.4257)
Epoch:[993][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5976 (10.4429)
Epoch:[993][10/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2369 (10.5151)
Epoch:[993][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3346 (10.5000)
Epoch:[993][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2819 (10.4833)
Epoch:[993][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8003 (10.5059)
Epoch:[993][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5872 (10.5113)
Epoch:[993][15/18]	Time 2.32 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8949 (10.5353)
Epoch:[993][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2331 (10.5763)
Epoch:[993][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2517 (10.5583)
epoch 993 finished, takes 34.58855438232422 seconds
Epoch:[994][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5000 (10.5000)
Epoch:[994][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4287 (10.4644)
Epoch:[994][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2816 (10.4034)
Epoch:[994][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8205 (10.5077)
Epoch:[994][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2104 (10.4482)
Epoch:[994][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2366 (10.4130)
Epoch:[994][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9526 (10.4901)
Epoch:[994][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6899 (10.5150)
Epoch:[994][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6079 (10.5254)
Epoch:[994][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7280 (10.5456)
Epoch:[994][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9280 (10.4895)
Epoch:[994][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5687 (10.4961)
Epoch:[994][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2973 (10.4808)
Epoch:[994][13/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2075 (10.4613)
Epoch:[994][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7863 (10.4829)
Epoch:[994][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6047 (10.4906)
Epoch:[994][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0258 (10.5220)
Epoch:[994][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3644 (10.5133)
epoch 994 finished, takes 33.45280480384827 seconds
Epoch:[995][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5838 (10.5838)
Epoch:[995][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5793 (10.5816)
Epoch:[995][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5311 (10.5647)
Epoch:[995][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6979 (10.5980)
Epoch:[995][ 4/18]	Time 2.15 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9799 (10.6744)
Epoch:[995][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4426 (10.6358)
Epoch:[995][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5143 (10.6184)
Epoch:[995][ 7/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4729 (10.6002)
Epoch:[995][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1956 (10.5553)
Epoch:[995][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6228 (10.5620)
Epoch:[995][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2099 (10.5300)
Epoch:[995][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1812 (10.5010)
Epoch:[995][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8990 (10.5316)
Epoch:[995][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6263 (10.5383)
Epoch:[995][14/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1546 (10.5794)
Epoch:[995][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3612 (10.5658)
Epoch:[995][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3924 (10.5556)
Epoch:[995][17/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6731 (10.5621)
epoch 995 finished, takes 34.012490034103394 seconds
Epoch:[996][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1209 (10.1209)
Epoch:[996][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5147 (10.3178)
Epoch:[996][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4256 (10.3537)
Epoch:[996][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5691 (10.4076)
Epoch:[996][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8299 (10.2920)
Epoch:[996][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3770 (10.3062)
Epoch:[996][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5071 (10.3349)
Epoch:[996][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6468 (10.3739)
Epoch:[996][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8384 (10.4255)
Epoch:[996][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7602 (10.4590)
Epoch:[996][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3726 (10.4511)
Epoch:[996][11/18]	Time 2.37 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1438 (10.5089)
Epoch:[996][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0729 (10.4753)
Epoch:[996][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9684 (10.5105)
Epoch:[996][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9142 (10.5374)
Epoch:[996][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5318 (10.5371)
Epoch:[996][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2547 (10.5205)
Epoch:[996][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8389 (10.5382)
epoch 996 finished, takes 34.33921504020691 seconds
Epoch:[997][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6731 (10.6731)
Epoch:[997][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2836 (10.4784)
Epoch:[997][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6067 (10.5211)
Epoch:[997][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3148 (10.4696)
Epoch:[997][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4602 (10.4677)
Epoch:[997][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6488 (10.4979)
Epoch:[997][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6663 (10.5219)
Epoch:[997][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4477 (10.5126)
Epoch:[997][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5563 (10.5175)
Epoch:[997][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7261 (10.5384)
Epoch:[997][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8190 (10.5639)
Epoch:[997][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4400 (10.5535)
Epoch:[997][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7755 (10.5706)
Epoch:[997][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0152 (10.5309)
Epoch:[997][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4200 (10.5235)
Epoch:[997][15/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3516 (10.5128)
Epoch:[997][16/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7356 (10.5259)
Epoch:[997][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0638 (10.5558)
epoch 997 finished, takes 33.88964009284973 seconds
Epoch:[998][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5855 (10.5855)
Epoch:[998][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6078 (10.5967)
Epoch:[998][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3648 (10.5194)
Epoch:[998][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0544 (10.6531)
Epoch:[998][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6028 (10.6431)
Epoch:[998][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3760 (10.5986)
Epoch:[998][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0896 (10.5259)
Epoch:[998][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6017 (10.5353)
Epoch:[998][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5038 (10.5318)
Epoch:[998][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1392 (10.4926)
Epoch:[998][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3777 (10.4821)
Epoch:[998][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4911 (10.4829)
Epoch:[998][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4112 (10.4774)
Epoch:[998][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0945 (10.4500)
Epoch:[998][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2377 (10.4359)
Epoch:[998][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6590 (10.4498)
Epoch:[998][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7412 (10.4669)
Epoch:[998][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7547 (10.4829)
epoch 998 finished, takes 33.029114961624146 seconds
Epoch:[999][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7578 (10.7578)
Epoch:[999][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6634 (10.7106)
Epoch:[999][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0456 (10.8223)
Epoch:[999][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5500 (10.7542)
Epoch:[999][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6519 (10.7337)
Epoch:[999][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8442 (10.7521)
Epoch:[999][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9694 (10.7832)
Epoch:[999][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9923 (10.8093)
Epoch:[999][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2106 (10.7428)
Epoch:[999][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7995 (10.7485)
Epoch:[999][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4145 (10.7181)
Epoch:[999][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3577 (10.6881)
Epoch:[999][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3578 (10.6627)
Epoch:[999][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0798 (10.6210)
Epoch:[999][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5874 (10.6188)
Epoch:[999][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2656 (10.5967)
Epoch:[999][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7951 (10.6084)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6378393656183959  precision:  0.6611124703723055  f1:  0.6079299346249517 perclass recall:  [0.98431186 0.71710526 0.74372057 0.22055888 0.52350026]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7519134118152055  precision:  0.7672774528497855  f1:  0.7548825940034284 perclass recall:  [0.95071336 0.64583333 0.79464286 0.68480726 0.74936709 0.63390663
 0.77456647 0.78147029]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7058096109679884  precision:  0.7122893425398046  f1:  0.698206210910914 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96195652 0.95193798 0.40076336 0.8969697  0.57630273]
Epoch:[999][17/18]	Time 13.62 (2.52)	Data 11.65 (0.65)	Loss 11.3685 (10.6506)
epoch 999 finished, takes 45.45318865776062 seconds
Epoch:[1000][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5377 (10.5377)
Epoch:[1000][ 1/18]	Time 1.64 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9526 (10.7451)
Epoch:[1000][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4018 (10.9640)
Epoch:[1000][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6642 (10.8891)
Epoch:[1000][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5940 (10.8301)
Epoch:[1000][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6558 (10.8010)
Epoch:[1000][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5132 (10.7599)
Epoch:[1000][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4213 (10.7176)
Epoch:[1000][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3794 (10.6800)
Epoch:[1000][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4726 (10.7593)
Epoch:[1000][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5147 (10.7370)
Epoch:[1000][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6347 (10.7285)
Epoch:[1000][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6135 (10.7197)
Epoch:[1000][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1775 (10.6809)
Epoch:[1000][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4793 (10.6675)
Epoch:[1000][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3729 (10.6491)
Epoch:[1000][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7208 (10.6533)
Epoch:[1000][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3924 (10.6388)
epoch 1000 finished, takes 34.07521915435791 seconds
Epoch:[1001][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7382 (10.7382)
Epoch:[1001][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8206 (10.7794)
Epoch:[1001][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8455 (10.8014)
Epoch:[1001][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5887 (10.7482)
Epoch:[1001][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9105 (10.7807)
Epoch:[1001][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1022 (10.8343)
Epoch:[1001][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4005 (10.7723)
Epoch:[1001][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2131 (10.7024)
Epoch:[1001][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9441 (10.6181)
Epoch:[1001][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4725 (10.6036)
Epoch:[1001][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6839 (10.6109)
Epoch:[1001][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2839 (10.5836)
Epoch:[1001][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3452 (10.5653)
Epoch:[1001][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5098 (10.5613)
Epoch:[1001][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1373 (10.5331)
Epoch:[1001][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1971 (10.5121)
Epoch:[1001][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4649 (10.5093)
Epoch:[1001][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0017 (10.5367)
epoch 1001 finished, takes 33.597641944885254 seconds
Epoch:[1002][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6001 (10.6001)
Epoch:[1002][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2081 (10.4041)
Epoch:[1002][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2759 (10.3613)
Epoch:[1002][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3023 (10.3466)
Epoch:[1002][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4552 (10.3683)
Epoch:[1002][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4080 (10.3749)
Epoch:[1002][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4348 (10.3835)
Epoch:[1002][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2414 (10.3657)
Epoch:[1002][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6970 (10.4025)
Epoch:[1002][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6554 (10.4278)
Epoch:[1002][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2763 (10.4140)
Epoch:[1002][11/18]	Time 1.57 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4548 (10.4174)
Epoch:[1002][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8474 (10.4505)
Epoch:[1002][13/18]	Time 2.17 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5429 (10.4571)
Epoch:[1002][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2692 (10.4446)
Epoch:[1002][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0767 (10.4841)
Epoch:[1002][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2688 (10.4714)
Epoch:[1002][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2396 (10.4585)
epoch 1002 finished, takes 33.630069971084595 seconds
Epoch:[1003][ 0/18]	Time 2.17 (2.17)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1414 (10.1414)
Epoch:[1003][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8961 (10.5187)
Epoch:[1003][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6602 (10.5659)
Epoch:[1003][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0463 (10.6860)
Epoch:[1003][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2176 (10.5923)
Epoch:[1003][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6729 (10.6058)
Epoch:[1003][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7390 (10.6248)
Epoch:[1003][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9744 (10.5435)
Epoch:[1003][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4695 (10.5353)
Epoch:[1003][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3285 (10.5146)
Epoch:[1003][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5113 (10.5143)
Epoch:[1003][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6273 (10.5237)
Epoch:[1003][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5858 (10.5285)
Epoch:[1003][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2448 (10.5082)
Epoch:[1003][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0398 (10.5437)
Epoch:[1003][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2235 (10.5236)
Epoch:[1003][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4936 (10.5219)
Epoch:[1003][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5014 (10.5207)
epoch 1003 finished, takes 34.4173526763916 seconds
Epoch:[1004][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6726 (10.6726)
Epoch:[1004][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5760 (10.6243)
Epoch:[1004][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4942 (10.5809)
Epoch:[1004][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1888 (10.4829)
Epoch:[1004][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5261 (10.4915)
Epoch:[1004][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5790 (10.5061)
Epoch:[1004][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7754 (10.5446)
Epoch:[1004][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6137 (10.5532)
Epoch:[1004][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9502 (10.5973)
Epoch:[1004][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4639 (10.5840)
Epoch:[1004][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7498 (10.5991)
Epoch:[1004][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1541 (10.5620)
Epoch:[1004][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5728 (10.5628)
Epoch:[1004][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6554 (10.5694)
Epoch:[1004][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.7334 (10.6470)
Epoch:[1004][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4072 (10.6320)
Epoch:[1004][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3849 (10.6175)
Epoch:[1004][17/18]	Time 2.28 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5769 (10.6152)
epoch 1004 finished, takes 34.16176199913025 seconds
Epoch:[1005][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8879 (10.8879)
Epoch:[1005][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7452 (10.8166)
Epoch:[1005][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4166 (10.6833)
Epoch:[1005][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5269 (10.6442)
Epoch:[1005][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6619 (10.6477)
Epoch:[1005][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7113 (10.6583)
Epoch:[1005][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3518 (10.6145)
Epoch:[1005][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4339 (10.5920)
Epoch:[1005][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7423 (10.6087)
Epoch:[1005][ 9/18]	Time 2.45 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0319 (10.6510)
Epoch:[1005][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9816 (10.5901)
Epoch:[1005][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3677 (10.5716)
Epoch:[1005][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8240 (10.5141)
Epoch:[1005][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2993 (10.4987)
Epoch:[1005][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7232 (10.5137)
Epoch:[1005][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6907 (10.5248)
Epoch:[1005][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8246 (10.5424)
Epoch:[1005][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1051 (10.5737)
epoch 1005 finished, takes 34.11610293388367 seconds
Epoch:[1006][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4197 (10.4197)
Epoch:[1006][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5316 (10.4756)
Epoch:[1006][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0982 (10.6832)
Epoch:[1006][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8348 (10.7211)
Epoch:[1006][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5092 (10.6787)
Epoch:[1006][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1383 (10.7553)
Epoch:[1006][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0895 (10.6602)
Epoch:[1006][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3394 (10.6201)
Epoch:[1006][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5556 (10.6129)
Epoch:[1006][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6020 (10.6118)
Epoch:[1006][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4593 (10.5980)
Epoch:[1006][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6943 (10.6060)
Epoch:[1006][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7128 (10.6142)
Epoch:[1006][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3707 (10.5968)
Epoch:[1006][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3194 (10.5783)
Epoch:[1006][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5362 (10.5757)
Epoch:[1006][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6637 (10.5809)
Epoch:[1006][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0750 (10.6083)
epoch 1006 finished, takes 33.92238736152649 seconds
Epoch:[1007][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6376 (10.6376)
Epoch:[1007][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6515 (10.6445)
Epoch:[1007][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7691 (10.6861)
Epoch:[1007][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1851 (10.5608)
Epoch:[1007][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2317 (10.4950)
Epoch:[1007][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3126 (10.4646)
Epoch:[1007][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7742 (10.5088)
Epoch:[1007][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5499 (10.5140)
Epoch:[1007][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1656 (10.4753)
Epoch:[1007][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4952 (10.4772)
Epoch:[1007][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0866 (10.4417)
Epoch:[1007][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9508 (10.4842)
Epoch:[1007][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7777 (10.5067)
Epoch:[1007][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5067 (10.5067)
Epoch:[1007][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2522 (10.4898)
Epoch:[1007][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2779 (10.4765)
Epoch:[1007][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0581 (10.5107)
Epoch:[1007][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8143 (10.5276)
epoch 1007 finished, takes 33.597535610198975 seconds
Epoch:[1008][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4696 (10.4696)
Epoch:[1008][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5833 (10.5265)
Epoch:[1008][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4525 (10.5018)
Epoch:[1008][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1977 (10.4258)
Epoch:[1008][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0970 (10.3600)
Epoch:[1008][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7061 (10.4177)
Epoch:[1008][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9879 (10.4992)
Epoch:[1008][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6335 (10.5160)
Epoch:[1008][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0433 (10.5745)
Epoch:[1008][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6946 (10.5866)
Epoch:[1008][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4365 (10.5729)
Epoch:[1008][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6451 (10.5789)
Epoch:[1008][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4747 (10.5709)
Epoch:[1008][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3985 (10.5586)
Epoch:[1008][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6712 (10.5661)
Epoch:[1008][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5052 (10.5623)
Epoch:[1008][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5209 (10.5599)
Epoch:[1008][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4453 (10.5535)
epoch 1008 finished, takes 33.635563135147095 seconds
Epoch:[1009][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3151 (10.3151)
Epoch:[1009][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6063 (10.4607)
Epoch:[1009][ 2/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6157 (10.5124)
Epoch:[1009][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3305 (10.4669)
Epoch:[1009][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6099 (10.4955)
Epoch:[1009][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5110 (10.4981)
Epoch:[1009][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6817 (10.5243)
Epoch:[1009][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3185 (10.4986)
Epoch:[1009][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6473 (10.5151)
Epoch:[1009][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2182 (10.5854)
Epoch:[1009][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7688 (10.6021)
Epoch:[1009][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2387 (10.5718)
Epoch:[1009][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9685 (10.5254)
Epoch:[1009][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4928 (10.5231)
Epoch:[1009][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5150 (10.5225)
Epoch:[1009][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7420 (10.5363)
Epoch:[1009][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1312 (10.5124)
Epoch:[1009][17/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0052 (10.5398)
epoch 1009 finished, takes 33.84411597251892 seconds
Epoch:[1010][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7014 (10.7014)
Epoch:[1010][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5375 (10.6195)
Epoch:[1010][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0808 (10.7733)
Epoch:[1010][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7799 (10.7749)
Epoch:[1010][ 4/18]	Time 2.30 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7208 (10.7641)
Epoch:[1010][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1626 (10.6638)
Epoch:[1010][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0032 (10.7123)
Epoch:[1010][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5627 (10.6936)
Epoch:[1010][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7599 (10.5899)
Epoch:[1010][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2371 (10.5546)
Epoch:[1010][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8339 (10.5800)
Epoch:[1010][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2947 (10.5562)
Epoch:[1010][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7209 (10.5689)
Epoch:[1010][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2259 (10.5444)
Epoch:[1010][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9435 (10.5710)
Epoch:[1010][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5001 (10.5666)
Epoch:[1010][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8224 (10.5816)
Epoch:[1010][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2787 (10.5648)
epoch 1010 finished, takes 33.82286286354065 seconds
Epoch:[1011][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3162 (10.3162)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6428152867657221  precision:  0.6622440206696887  f1:  0.6119950063036889 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.71495995 0.74411303 0.21806387 0.54811143]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7542824183457546  precision:  0.7730259273500506  f1:  0.7576451292270465 perclass recall:  [0.95071336 0.62083333 0.80133929 0.72789116 0.72658228 0.66093366
 0.77456647 0.7713998 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7018724007405286  precision:  0.7105962564812497  f1:  0.6945348663390183 perclass recall:  [0.42458101 0.96195652 0.95348837 0.40076336 0.89848485 0.5719603 ]
Epoch:[1011][ 1/18]	Time 13.99 (7.81)	Data 12.01 (6.00)	Loss 10.7726 (10.5444)
Epoch:[1011][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (5.83)	Data 0.00 (4.00)	Loss 10.8281 (10.6390)
Epoch:[1011][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (4.90)	Data 0.00 (3.00)	Loss 10.7337 (10.6627)
Epoch:[1011][ 4/18]	Time 2.15 (4.35)	Data 0.00 (2.40)	Loss 11.0085 (10.7318)
Epoch:[1011][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (3.93)	Data 0.00 (2.00)	Loss 10.7285 (10.7313)
Epoch:[1011][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (3.62)	Data 0.00 (1.72)	Loss 9.9921 (10.6257)
Epoch:[1011][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (3.40)	Data 0.00 (1.50)	Loss 10.6027 (10.6228)
Epoch:[1011][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (3.23)	Data 0.00 (1.34)	Loss 11.1123 (10.6772)
Epoch:[1011][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (3.08)	Data 0.00 (1.20)	Loss 10.3102 (10.6405)
Epoch:[1011][10/18]	Time 2.04 (2.98)	Data 0.00 (1.09)	Loss 10.5729 (10.6343)
Epoch:[1011][11/18]	Time 1.92 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.00)	Loss 10.3340 (10.6093)
Epoch:[1011][12/18]	Time 1.67 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.92)	Loss 10.3925 (10.5926)
Epoch:[1011][13/18]	Time 1.51 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 10.4333 (10.5813)
Epoch:[1011][14/18]	Time 1.84 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 10.6567 (10.5863)
Epoch:[1011][15/18]	Time 1.96 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 10.7685 (10.5977)
Epoch:[1011][16/18]	Time 2.03 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 10.4239 (10.5875)
Epoch:[1011][17/18]	Time 1.82 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 10.2954 (10.5712)
epoch 1011 finished, takes 45.59335970878601 seconds
Epoch:[1012][ 0/18]	Time 1.48 (1.48)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3829 (10.3829)
Epoch:[1012][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6155 (10.4992)
Epoch:[1012][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9242 (10.6409)
Epoch:[1012][ 3/18]	Time 2.25 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2163 (10.5347)
Epoch:[1012][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6538 (10.5585)
Epoch:[1012][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5705 (10.5605)
Epoch:[1012][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8297 (10.4561)
Epoch:[1012][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7603 (10.4941)
Epoch:[1012][ 8/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6342 (10.5097)
Epoch:[1012][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5810 (10.5168)
Epoch:[1012][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2830 (10.4956)
Epoch:[1012][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9340 (10.5321)
Epoch:[1012][12/18]	Time 1.62 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1396 (10.5019)
Epoch:[1012][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6449 (10.5121)
Epoch:[1012][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7188 (10.5259)
Epoch:[1012][15/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6700 (10.5349)
Epoch:[1012][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8428 (10.5530)
Epoch:[1012][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4838 (10.5492)
epoch 1012 finished, takes 34.36257314682007 seconds
Epoch:[1013][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2815 (10.2815)
Epoch:[1013][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8230 (10.5522)
Epoch:[1013][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3767 (10.4937)
Epoch:[1013][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5876 (10.5172)
Epoch:[1013][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5555 (10.5248)
Epoch:[1013][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8964 (10.5868)
Epoch:[1013][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1931 (10.5305)
Epoch:[1013][ 7/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7866 (10.4375)
Epoch:[1013][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7686 (10.4743)
Epoch:[1013][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4117 (10.4681)
Epoch:[1013][10/18]	Time 2.19 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9623 (10.5130)
Epoch:[1013][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4044 (10.5873)
Epoch:[1013][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7186 (10.5974)
Epoch:[1013][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6136 (10.5985)
Epoch:[1013][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6304 (10.6007)
Epoch:[1013][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0322 (10.6276)
Epoch:[1013][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6550 (10.6292)
Epoch:[1013][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8001 (10.6387)
epoch 1013 finished, takes 34.259626150131226 seconds
Epoch:[1014][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1795 (11.1795)
Epoch:[1014][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1832 (11.1814)
Epoch:[1014][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3061 (10.8896)
Epoch:[1014][ 3/18]	Time 1.65 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0489 (10.9294)
Epoch:[1014][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7613 (10.8958)
Epoch:[1014][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7428 (10.8703)
Epoch:[1014][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7557 (10.8539)
Epoch:[1014][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8697 (10.8559)
Epoch:[1014][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0484 (10.8773)
Epoch:[1014][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2594 (10.8155)
Epoch:[1014][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3832 (10.7762)
Epoch:[1014][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6753 (10.7678)
Epoch:[1014][12/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2780 (10.7301)
Epoch:[1014][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4555 (10.6391)
Epoch:[1014][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0540 (10.6667)
Epoch:[1014][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3146 (10.6447)
Epoch:[1014][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5943 (10.6418)
Epoch:[1014][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6837 (10.6441)
epoch 1014 finished, takes 33.91842174530029 seconds
Epoch:[1015][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8093 (10.8093)
Epoch:[1015][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1472 (10.9783)
Epoch:[1015][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1247 (10.6937)
Epoch:[1015][ 3/18]	Time 1.58 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5512 (10.6581)
Epoch:[1015][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4073 (10.6079)
Epoch:[1015][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9087 (10.6581)
Epoch:[1015][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4995 (10.6354)
Epoch:[1015][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5124 (10.6200)
Epoch:[1015][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7998 (10.6400)
Epoch:[1015][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7696 (10.6530)
Epoch:[1015][10/18]	Time 2.20 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1601 (10.6991)
Epoch:[1015][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4185 (10.6757)
Epoch:[1015][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3730 (10.6524)
Epoch:[1015][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8289 (10.6650)
Epoch:[1015][14/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6844 (10.6663)
Epoch:[1015][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6685 (10.6665)
Epoch:[1015][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8534 (10.6774)
Epoch:[1015][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7934 (10.6839)
epoch 1015 finished, takes 34.50451183319092 seconds
Epoch:[1016][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4254 (10.4254)
Epoch:[1016][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5223 (10.4739)
Epoch:[1016][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5229 (10.4902)
Epoch:[1016][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4899 (10.4902)
Epoch:[1016][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1362 (10.6194)
Epoch:[1016][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5883 (10.6142)
Epoch:[1016][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0308 (10.5309)
Epoch:[1016][ 7/18]	Time 2.15 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7688 (10.5606)
Epoch:[1016][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6901 (10.5750)
Epoch:[1016][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4319 (10.5607)
Epoch:[1016][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7017 (10.5735)
Epoch:[1016][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5330 (10.5701)
Epoch:[1016][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0862 (10.5329)
Epoch:[1016][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2018 (10.5092)
Epoch:[1016][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4510 (10.5054)
Epoch:[1016][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5770 (10.5098)
Epoch:[1016][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2371 (10.4938)
Epoch:[1016][17/18]	Time 1.60 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1203 (10.5286)
epoch 1016 finished, takes 34.50069284439087 seconds
Epoch:[1017][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5511 (10.5511)
Epoch:[1017][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3891 (10.4701)
Epoch:[1017][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2246 (10.3883)
Epoch:[1017][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9769 (10.5354)
Epoch:[1017][ 4/18]	Time 2.08 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9558 (10.6195)
Epoch:[1017][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4115 (10.5848)
Epoch:[1017][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5560 (10.5807)
Epoch:[1017][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2538 (10.5399)
Epoch:[1017][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3756 (10.5216)
Epoch:[1017][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1625 (10.4857)
Epoch:[1017][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9183 (10.5250)
Epoch:[1017][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3230 (10.5082)
Epoch:[1017][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2053 (10.4849)
Epoch:[1017][13/18]	Time 2.16 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5209 (10.4875)
Epoch:[1017][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4643 (10.4859)
Epoch:[1017][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1430 (10.5270)
Epoch:[1017][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6112 (10.5319)
Epoch:[1017][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2240 (10.5148)
epoch 1017 finished, takes 34.352161169052124 seconds
Epoch:[1018][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7191 (10.7191)
Epoch:[1018][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4084 (10.5637)
Epoch:[1018][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6796 (10.6023)
Epoch:[1018][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5223 (10.5823)
Epoch:[1018][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1042 (10.4867)
Epoch:[1018][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6782 (10.5186)
Epoch:[1018][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8236 (10.5622)
Epoch:[1018][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7626 (10.5872)
Epoch:[1018][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9225 (10.6245)
Epoch:[1018][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5377 (10.6158)
Epoch:[1018][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2285 (10.5806)
Epoch:[1018][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8995 (10.5238)
Epoch:[1018][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7325 (10.5399)
Epoch:[1018][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5883 (10.5433)
Epoch:[1018][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0945 (10.5134)
Epoch:[1018][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6655 (10.5229)
Epoch:[1018][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4063 (10.5161)
Epoch:[1018][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8817 (10.5364)
epoch 1018 finished, takes 33.61416435241699 seconds
Epoch:[1019][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2004 (10.2004)
Epoch:[1019][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0220 (10.6112)
Epoch:[1019][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8744 (10.3656)
Epoch:[1019][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7118 (10.4521)
Epoch:[1019][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7757 (10.5168)
Epoch:[1019][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6224 (10.5344)
Epoch:[1019][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2703 (10.4967)
Epoch:[1019][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3205 (10.4747)
Epoch:[1019][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9559 (10.4170)
Epoch:[1019][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2975 (10.4051)
Epoch:[1019][10/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9003 (10.4501)
Epoch:[1019][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2610 (10.4343)
Epoch:[1019][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8463 (10.4660)
Epoch:[1019][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8059 (10.4903)
Epoch:[1019][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1059 (10.4647)
Epoch:[1019][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9744 (10.4965)
Epoch:[1019][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1136 (10.4740)
Epoch:[1019][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8176 (10.4931)
epoch 1019 finished, takes 33.42811441421509 seconds
Epoch:[1020][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5801 (10.5801)
Epoch:[1020][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2826 (10.4314)
Epoch:[1020][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6112 (10.4913)
Epoch:[1020][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7639 (10.5595)
Epoch:[1020][ 4/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5424 (10.5560)
Epoch:[1020][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6504 (10.5718)
Epoch:[1020][ 6/18]	Time 1.60 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1301 (10.5087)
Epoch:[1020][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9747 (10.5669)
Epoch:[1020][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8062 (10.5935)
Epoch:[1020][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5569 (10.5899)
Epoch:[1020][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6217 (10.5928)
Epoch:[1020][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3558 (10.5730)
Epoch:[1020][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8607 (10.5951)
Epoch:[1020][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1673 (10.6360)
Epoch:[1020][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7287 (10.6422)
Epoch:[1020][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0546 (10.6680)
Epoch:[1020][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5624 (10.6617)
Epoch:[1020][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1713 (10.6345)
epoch 1020 finished, takes 33.66077899932861 seconds
Epoch:[1021][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6650 (10.6650)
Epoch:[1021][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0964 (10.3807)
Epoch:[1021][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7268 (10.4961)
Epoch:[1021][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4844 (10.4932)
Epoch:[1021][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9061 (10.5757)
Epoch:[1021][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5338 (10.5688)
Epoch:[1021][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9703 (10.6261)
Epoch:[1021][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8160 (10.6499)
Epoch:[1021][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2342 (10.6037)
Epoch:[1021][ 9/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5972 (10.6030)
Epoch:[1021][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5429 (10.5976)
Epoch:[1021][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5452 (10.5932)
Epoch:[1021][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5557 (10.5903)
Epoch:[1021][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3633 (10.5741)
Epoch:[1021][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2953 (10.5555)
Epoch:[1021][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8254 (10.5724)
Epoch:[1021][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8721 (10.5312)
Epoch:[1021][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0566 (10.5604)
epoch 1021 finished, takes 33.85127568244934 seconds
Epoch:[1022][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5134 (10.5134)
Epoch:[1022][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9397 (10.2266)
Epoch:[1022][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8439 (10.0990)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6416939104115967  precision:  0.6613930802452108  f1:  0.6116411515842204 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.71381579 0.74372057 0.22205589 0.54076226]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7572952919871192  precision:  0.7680554233496236  f1:  0.7578659813184803 perclass recall:  [0.9461738  0.64791667 0.80580357 0.69387755 0.7443038  0.65356265
 0.80539499 0.76132931]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7083114935964566  precision:  0.7092017489566245  f1:  0.6991833310988446 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96263587 0.95193798 0.41412214 0.89545455 0.56761787]
Epoch:[1022][ 3/18]	Time 13.35 (4.63)	Data 11.19 (2.80)	Loss 10.4004 (10.1744)
Epoch:[1022][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (4.02)	Data 0.00 (2.24)	Loss 10.2131 (10.1821)
Epoch:[1022][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (3.64)	Data 0.00 (1.87)	Loss 9.9709 (10.1469)
Epoch:[1022][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (3.37)	Data 0.00 (1.60)	Loss 10.8859 (10.2525)
Epoch:[1022][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (3.16)	Data 0.00 (1.40)	Loss 9.9499 (10.2146)
Epoch:[1022][ 8/18]	Time 2.18 (3.05)	Data 0.00 (1.24)	Loss 10.7598 (10.2752)
Epoch:[1022][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (2.93)	Data 0.00 (1.12)	Loss 10.5397 (10.3017)
Epoch:[1022][10/18]	Time 1.81 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (1.02)	Loss 10.6719 (10.3353)
Epoch:[1022][11/18]	Time 1.79 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.93)	Loss 10.5601 (10.3541)
Epoch:[1022][12/18]	Time 2.06 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 10.6833 (10.3794)
Epoch:[1022][13/18]	Time 1.92 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 10.3427 (10.3768)
Epoch:[1022][14/18]	Time 1.61 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.9969 (10.3514)
Epoch:[1022][15/18]	Time 1.83 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 10.4440 (10.3572)
Epoch:[1022][16/18]	Time 1.87 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 10.4088 (10.3603)
Epoch:[1022][17/18]	Time 1.79 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 10.4191 (10.3635)
epoch 1022 finished, takes 44.0251739025116 seconds
Epoch:[1023][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0990 (11.0990)
Epoch:[1023][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0403 (10.5696)
Epoch:[1023][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3761 (10.5051)
Epoch:[1023][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4394 (10.4887)
Epoch:[1023][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8170 (10.5544)
Epoch:[1023][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3991 (10.6952)
Epoch:[1023][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5153 (10.6695)
Epoch:[1023][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8854 (10.6965)
Epoch:[1023][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2675 (10.6488)
Epoch:[1023][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5487 (10.6388)
Epoch:[1023][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0819 (10.6791)
Epoch:[1023][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1793 (10.6374)
Epoch:[1023][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0212 (10.5900)
Epoch:[1023][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8353 (10.6075)
Epoch:[1023][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1066 (10.5741)
Epoch:[1023][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1288 (10.6088)
Epoch:[1023][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4212 (10.5978)
Epoch:[1023][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6755 (10.6021)
epoch 1023 finished, takes 33.24335861206055 seconds
Epoch:[1024][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1797 (10.1797)
Epoch:[1024][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2116 (10.1957)
Epoch:[1024][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4858 (10.2924)
Epoch:[1024][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4675 (10.3362)
Epoch:[1024][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4892 (10.3668)
Epoch:[1024][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1309 (10.3275)
Epoch:[1024][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2853 (10.3214)
Epoch:[1024][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4599 (10.3387)
Epoch:[1024][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5096 (10.3577)
Epoch:[1024][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8715 (10.4091)
Epoch:[1024][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2977 (10.3990)
Epoch:[1024][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5187 (10.4089)
Epoch:[1024][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5786 (10.4220)
Epoch:[1024][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6656 (10.4394)
Epoch:[1024][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4229 (10.4383)
Epoch:[1024][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0129 (10.4742)
Epoch:[1024][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2792 (10.4627)
Epoch:[1024][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0834 (10.4972)
epoch 1024 finished, takes 33.812896728515625 seconds
Epoch:[1025][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2873 (10.2873)
Epoch:[1025][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9765 (10.1319)
Epoch:[1025][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7666 (10.3434)
Epoch:[1025][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9359 (10.4915)
Epoch:[1025][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6724 (10.5277)
Epoch:[1025][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0102 (10.6081)
Epoch:[1025][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0851 (10.5334)
Epoch:[1025][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4329 (10.5209)
Epoch:[1025][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3159 (10.4981)
Epoch:[1025][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9964 (10.5479)
Epoch:[1025][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0299 (10.5917)
Epoch:[1025][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1411 (10.5542)
Epoch:[1025][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0603 (10.5931)
Epoch:[1025][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6335 (10.5960)
Epoch:[1025][14/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1189 (10.5642)
Epoch:[1025][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1105 (10.5983)
Epoch:[1025][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0849 (10.6270)
Epoch:[1025][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8384 (10.6387)
epoch 1025 finished, takes 33.87639021873474 seconds
Epoch:[1026][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4282 (10.4282)
Epoch:[1026][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4924 (10.4603)
Epoch:[1026][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6707 (10.5304)
Epoch:[1026][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7660 (10.5893)
Epoch:[1026][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2838 (10.5282)
Epoch:[1026][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5865 (10.5379)
Epoch:[1026][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6060 (10.5477)
Epoch:[1026][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7197 (10.5692)
Epoch:[1026][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8217 (10.5972)
Epoch:[1026][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8566 (10.6232)
Epoch:[1026][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8229 (10.5504)
Epoch:[1026][11/18]	Time 2.21 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8871 (10.5785)
Epoch:[1026][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8355 (10.5982)
Epoch:[1026][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6924 (10.6050)
Epoch:[1026][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5710 (10.6027)
Epoch:[1026][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2759 (10.5823)
Epoch:[1026][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7154 (10.5901)
Epoch:[1026][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4767 (10.5283)
epoch 1026 finished, takes 34.016377210617065 seconds
Epoch:[1027][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8900 (9.8900)
Epoch:[1027][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7034 (9.7967)
Epoch:[1027][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2685 (10.2873)
Epoch:[1027][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6372 (10.3748)
Epoch:[1027][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5118 (10.4022)
Epoch:[1027][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9931 (10.3340)
Epoch:[1027][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3429 (10.3353)
Epoch:[1027][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2687 (10.3270)
Epoch:[1027][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2543 (10.3189)
Epoch:[1027][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3061 (10.3176)
Epoch:[1027][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8397 (10.2742)
Epoch:[1027][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9378 (10.3295)
Epoch:[1027][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3774 (10.3332)
Epoch:[1027][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9715 (10.3788)
Epoch:[1027][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6265 (10.3953)
Epoch:[1027][15/18]	Time 1.61 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3392 (10.3918)
Epoch:[1027][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6622 (10.4077)
Epoch:[1027][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5638 (10.4719)
epoch 1027 finished, takes 34.02716135978699 seconds
Epoch:[1028][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7772 (10.7772)
Epoch:[1028][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8833 (10.8302)
Epoch:[1028][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2861 (10.9822)
Epoch:[1028][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2358 (10.7956)
Epoch:[1028][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5779 (10.7521)
Epoch:[1028][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5085 (10.7115)
Epoch:[1028][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4550 (10.6748)
Epoch:[1028][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6510 (10.6718)
Epoch:[1028][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6690 (10.6715)
Epoch:[1028][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4472 (10.6491)
Epoch:[1028][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4163 (10.6279)
Epoch:[1028][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8535 (10.6467)
Epoch:[1028][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4409 (10.6309)
Epoch:[1028][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5922 (10.6281)
Epoch:[1028][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8778 (10.6448)
Epoch:[1028][15/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5644 (10.6398)
Epoch:[1028][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3629 (10.6235)
Epoch:[1028][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8688 (10.6371)
epoch 1028 finished, takes 33.85652709007263 seconds
Epoch:[1029][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4060 (10.4060)
Epoch:[1029][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8472 (10.6266)
Epoch:[1029][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2665 (10.5065)
Epoch:[1029][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1089 (10.4071)
Epoch:[1029][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2076 (10.3672)
Epoch:[1029][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9542 (10.4650)
Epoch:[1029][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9493 (10.5342)
Epoch:[1029][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4232 (10.5204)
Epoch:[1029][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6158 (10.5310)
Epoch:[1029][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9528 (10.5731)
Epoch:[1029][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3938 (10.5568)
Epoch:[1029][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3841 (10.5424)
Epoch:[1029][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0293 (10.5799)
Epoch:[1029][13/18]	Time 1.61 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8733 (10.6008)
Epoch:[1029][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9894 (10.6268)
Epoch:[1029][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7494 (10.6344)
Epoch:[1029][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0710 (10.6601)
Epoch:[1029][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8854 (10.6171)
epoch 1029 finished, takes 34.376381635665894 seconds
Epoch:[1030][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4744 (10.4744)
Epoch:[1030][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3432 (10.4088)
Epoch:[1030][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9264 (10.2480)
Epoch:[1030][ 3/18]	Time 1.50 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5021 (10.3115)
Epoch:[1030][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7284 (10.3949)
Epoch:[1030][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3986 (10.3955)
Epoch:[1030][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9819 (10.4793)
Epoch:[1030][ 7/18]	Time 1.55 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8815 (10.4046)
Epoch:[1030][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0096 (10.4718)
Epoch:[1030][ 9/18]	Time 2.16 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8147 (10.5061)
Epoch:[1030][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3386 (10.4909)
Epoch:[1030][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3981 (10.4831)
Epoch:[1030][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6098 (10.4929)
Epoch:[1030][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7551 (10.5116)
Epoch:[1030][14/18]	Time 2.18 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8059 (10.5312)
Epoch:[1030][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2641 (10.5770)
Epoch:[1030][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1787 (10.5536)
Epoch:[1030][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3423 (10.5419)
epoch 1030 finished, takes 33.17341494560242 seconds
Epoch:[1031][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8992 (10.8992)
Epoch:[1031][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4617 (10.6804)
Epoch:[1031][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2857 (10.5489)
Epoch:[1031][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3121 (10.4897)
Epoch:[1031][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2226 (10.4363)
Epoch:[1031][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3711 (10.4254)
Epoch:[1031][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7796 (10.4760)
Epoch:[1031][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9186 (10.4063)
Epoch:[1031][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4412 (10.4102)
Epoch:[1031][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4871 (10.4179)
Epoch:[1031][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8631 (10.3675)
Epoch:[1031][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2655 (10.3590)
Epoch:[1031][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5078 (10.3704)
Epoch:[1031][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9064 (10.4087)
Epoch:[1031][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9135 (10.3757)
Epoch:[1031][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6491 (10.3928)
Epoch:[1031][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2837 (10.3864)
Epoch:[1031][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9454 (10.4174)
epoch 1031 finished, takes 33.591228008270264 seconds
Epoch:[1032][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6837 (10.6837)
Epoch:[1032][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2683 (10.4760)
Epoch:[1032][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2979 (10.4166)
Epoch:[1032][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2071 (10.3643)
Epoch:[1032][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8575 (10.4629)
Epoch:[1032][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1054 (10.4033)
Epoch:[1032][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7761 (10.4566)
Epoch:[1032][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0911 (10.4109)
Epoch:[1032][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5014 (10.4209)
Epoch:[1032][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2855 (10.4074)
Epoch:[1032][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0692 (10.3766)
Epoch:[1032][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6228 (10.3972)
Epoch:[1032][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4316 (10.3998)
Epoch:[1032][13/18]	Time 2.22 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5740 (10.4123)
Epoch:[1032][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9262 (10.3799)
Epoch:[1032][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5084 (10.3879)
Epoch:[1032][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2114 (10.3775)
Epoch:[1032][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3579 (10.3764)
epoch 1032 finished, takes 34.18809127807617 seconds
Epoch:[1033][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4319 (10.4319)
Epoch:[1033][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5796 (10.5057)
Epoch:[1033][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1542 (10.3886)
Epoch:[1033][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2226 (10.3471)
Epoch:[1033][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6419 (10.4060)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6389199838475574  precision:  0.6592907372833954  f1:  0.6078885268725662 perclass recall:  [0.98954124 0.70952517 0.74411303 0.21390552 0.53751495]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7627934548415999  precision:  0.7735426168683468  f1:  0.7640557260547225 perclass recall:  [0.93968872 0.66875    0.78794643 0.7414966  0.72658228 0.65110565
 0.80732177 0.77945619]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7058857216912235  precision:  0.7089972246654574  f1:  0.697188122052877 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96467391 0.95193798 0.39694656 0.8969697  0.56947891]
Epoch:[1033][ 5/18]	Time 13.52 (3.76)	Data 11.54 (1.92)	Loss 10.6973 (10.4546)
Epoch:[1033][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (3.47)	Data 0.00 (1.65)	Loss 10.8023 (10.5043)
Epoch:[1033][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (3.27)	Data 0.00 (1.44)	Loss 10.4601 (10.4987)
Epoch:[1033][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (3.14)	Data 0.00 (1.28)	Loss 10.5178 (10.5008)
Epoch:[1033][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (3.02)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 10.5262 (10.5034)
Epoch:[1033][10/18]	Time 2.01 (2.92)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 10.3976 (10.4938)
Epoch:[1033][11/18]	Time 1.94 (2.84)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 10.9749 (10.5339)
Epoch:[1033][12/18]	Time 2.15 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.89)	Loss 10.7444 (10.5501)
Epoch:[1033][13/18]	Time 2.04 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.83)	Loss 10.8887 (10.5742)
Epoch:[1033][14/18]	Time 2.02 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 10.3396 (10.5586)
Epoch:[1033][15/18]	Time 2.12 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 9.8959 (10.5172)
Epoch:[1033][16/18]	Time 1.61 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 10.5605 (10.5197)
Epoch:[1033][17/18]	Time 1.75 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 10.0696 (10.4947)
epoch 1033 finished, takes 45.81646680831909 seconds
Epoch:[1034][ 0/18]	Time 1.68 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2932 (10.2932)
Epoch:[1034][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0303 (10.1618)
Epoch:[1034][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6416 (10.3217)
Epoch:[1034][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6362 (10.4003)
Epoch:[1034][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7285 (10.4660)
Epoch:[1034][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8185 (10.5247)
Epoch:[1034][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9375 (10.5837)
Epoch:[1034][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3083 (10.5493)
Epoch:[1034][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5427 (10.5486)
Epoch:[1034][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8981 (10.5835)
Epoch:[1034][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4138 (10.5681)
Epoch:[1034][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5826 (10.5693)
Epoch:[1034][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9942 (10.5251)
Epoch:[1034][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8829 (10.5506)
Epoch:[1034][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5241 (10.5488)
Epoch:[1034][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4748 (10.5442)
Epoch:[1034][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2440 (10.5266)
Epoch:[1034][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4347 (10.5215)
epoch 1034 finished, takes 33.92440462112427 seconds
Epoch:[1035][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9786 (9.9786)
Epoch:[1035][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4246 (10.2016)
Epoch:[1035][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7344 (10.3792)
Epoch:[1035][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4999 (10.4093)
Epoch:[1035][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5826 (10.4440)
Epoch:[1035][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2104 (10.4051)
Epoch:[1035][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4521 (10.4118)
Epoch:[1035][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4975 (10.4225)
Epoch:[1035][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5100 (10.4322)
Epoch:[1035][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1393 (10.4029)
Epoch:[1035][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6326 (10.4238)
Epoch:[1035][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0646 (10.4772)
Epoch:[1035][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8942 (10.5093)
Epoch:[1035][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1829 (10.5574)
Epoch:[1035][14/18]	Time 2.12 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7480 (10.5701)
Epoch:[1035][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6416 (10.5746)
Epoch:[1035][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3776 (10.5630)
Epoch:[1035][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8053 (10.5765)
epoch 1035 finished, takes 33.45308041572571 seconds
Epoch:[1036][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6174 (10.6174)
Epoch:[1036][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3395 (10.4785)
Epoch:[1036][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6885 (10.5485)
Epoch:[1036][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4197 (10.5163)
Epoch:[1036][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0666 (10.4264)
Epoch:[1036][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5814 (10.4522)
Epoch:[1036][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4334 (10.4495)
Epoch:[1036][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6122 (10.4699)
Epoch:[1036][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4401 (10.4666)
Epoch:[1036][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3422 (10.4541)
Epoch:[1036][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4923 (10.4576)
Epoch:[1036][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6660 (10.4750)
Epoch:[1036][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8908 (10.5069)
Epoch:[1036][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1528 (10.4817)
Epoch:[1036][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9123 (10.4437)
Epoch:[1036][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6164 (10.4545)
Epoch:[1036][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3521 (10.4485)
Epoch:[1036][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2765 (10.4389)
epoch 1036 finished, takes 33.894537687301636 seconds
Epoch:[1037][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9535 (10.9535)
Epoch:[1037][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2676 (10.6105)
Epoch:[1037][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2461 (10.4891)
Epoch:[1037][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7730 (10.5601)
Epoch:[1037][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3664 (10.5213)
Epoch:[1037][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5871 (10.5323)
Epoch:[1037][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9902 (10.4548)
Epoch:[1037][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1376 (10.5402)
Epoch:[1037][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3726 (10.5216)
Epoch:[1037][ 9/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6805 (10.5375)
Epoch:[1037][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2999 (10.5159)
Epoch:[1037][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6121 (10.5239)
Epoch:[1037][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7169 (10.5387)
Epoch:[1037][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4132 (10.5298)
Epoch:[1037][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2218 (10.5092)
Epoch:[1037][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3265 (10.4978)
Epoch:[1037][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0129 (10.5281)
Epoch:[1037][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5461 (10.5291)
epoch 1037 finished, takes 34.053701639175415 seconds
Epoch:[1038][ 0/18]	Time 2.31 (2.31)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7782 (10.7782)
Epoch:[1038][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6050 (10.6916)
Epoch:[1038][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0717 (10.4850)
Epoch:[1038][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7318 (10.5467)
Epoch:[1038][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9218 (10.6217)
Epoch:[1038][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4860 (10.5991)
Epoch:[1038][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9043 (10.6427)
Epoch:[1038][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8766 (10.5469)
Epoch:[1038][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7239 (10.5666)
Epoch:[1038][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5052 (10.5604)
Epoch:[1038][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2945 (10.5363)
Epoch:[1038][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1348 (10.5028)
Epoch:[1038][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4635 (10.4998)
Epoch:[1038][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0681 (10.4690)
Epoch:[1038][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3092 (10.4583)
Epoch:[1038][15/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7790 (10.4783)
Epoch:[1038][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5071 (10.4800)
Epoch:[1038][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8050 (10.4425)
epoch 1038 finished, takes 33.81813359260559 seconds
Epoch:[1039][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7662 (10.7662)
Epoch:[1039][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5870 (10.6766)
Epoch:[1039][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4907 (10.6146)
Epoch:[1039][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2704 (10.5285)
Epoch:[1039][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3927 (10.7014)
Epoch:[1039][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6445 (10.6919)
Epoch:[1039][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2719 (10.6319)
Epoch:[1039][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3696 (10.5991)
Epoch:[1039][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6859 (10.6087)
Epoch:[1039][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7357 (10.6214)
Epoch:[1039][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3544 (10.5972)
Epoch:[1039][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5524 (10.5934)
Epoch:[1039][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4247 (10.5805)
Epoch:[1039][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3162 (10.5616)
Epoch:[1039][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5253 (10.5592)
Epoch:[1039][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5262 (10.5571)
Epoch:[1039][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5390 (10.5560)
Epoch:[1039][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5515 (10.5558)
epoch 1039 finished, takes 33.70105862617493 seconds
Epoch:[1040][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6049 (10.6049)
Epoch:[1040][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4142 (10.5095)
Epoch:[1040][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4684 (10.4958)
Epoch:[1040][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7774 (10.5662)
Epoch:[1040][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8677 (10.4265)
Epoch:[1040][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3578 (10.4151)
Epoch:[1040][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2317 (10.3889)
Epoch:[1040][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2328 (10.3694)
Epoch:[1040][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8174 (10.4191)
Epoch:[1040][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9885 (10.4761)
Epoch:[1040][10/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0694 (10.5300)
Epoch:[1040][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3990 (10.5191)
Epoch:[1040][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8950 (10.5480)
Epoch:[1040][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7992 (10.5659)
Epoch:[1040][14/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6534 (10.5718)
Epoch:[1040][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6463 (10.5764)
Epoch:[1040][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4477 (10.5689)
Epoch:[1040][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2793 (10.5528)
epoch 1040 finished, takes 33.62742757797241 seconds
Epoch:[1041][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2233 (10.2233)
Epoch:[1041][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1529 (10.1881)
Epoch:[1041][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6292 (10.3351)
Epoch:[1041][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6442 (10.4124)
Epoch:[1041][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4063 (10.4112)
Epoch:[1041][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6755 (10.4552)
Epoch:[1041][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9809 (10.3875)
Epoch:[1041][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5728 (10.4106)
Epoch:[1041][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6728 (10.4398)
Epoch:[1041][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1750 (10.4133)
Epoch:[1041][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0598 (10.3811)
Epoch:[1041][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7343 (10.4106)
Epoch:[1041][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6307 (10.4275)
Epoch:[1041][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5445 (10.4359)
Epoch:[1041][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7068 (10.4539)
Epoch:[1041][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5759 (10.4616)
Epoch:[1041][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5949 (10.4694)
Epoch:[1041][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1635 (10.4524)
epoch 1041 finished, takes 33.12500810623169 seconds
Epoch:[1042][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4679 (10.4679)
Epoch:[1042][ 1/18]	Time 1.73 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9098 (10.1889)
Epoch:[1042][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4389 (10.2722)
Epoch:[1042][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3007 (10.2793)
Epoch:[1042][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2047 (10.2644)
Epoch:[1042][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0538 (10.3960)
Epoch:[1042][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3287 (10.5292)
Epoch:[1042][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6122 (10.5396)
Epoch:[1042][ 8/18]	Time 2.24 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7745 (10.5657)
Epoch:[1042][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7335 (10.5825)
Epoch:[1042][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1766 (10.5456)
Epoch:[1042][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5399 (10.5451)
Epoch:[1042][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6974 (10.5568)
Epoch:[1042][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5951 (10.5596)
Epoch:[1042][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6950 (10.5686)
Epoch:[1042][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1055 (10.5396)
Epoch:[1042][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2931 (10.5251)
Epoch:[1042][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9596 (10.5493)
epoch 1042 finished, takes 33.77831792831421 seconds
Epoch:[1043][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3989 (10.3989)
Epoch:[1043][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0759 (10.2374)
Epoch:[1043][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4703 (10.3150)
Epoch:[1043][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4412 (10.3466)
Epoch:[1043][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8839 (10.4540)
Epoch:[1043][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8385 (10.5181)
Epoch:[1043][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9849 (10.5848)
Epoch:[1043][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9004 (10.6242)
Epoch:[1043][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9425 (10.6596)
Epoch:[1043][ 9/18]	Time 1.59 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2597 (10.6196)
Epoch:[1043][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9682 (10.6513)
Epoch:[1043][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7368 (10.6584)
Epoch:[1043][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5577 (10.6507)
Epoch:[1043][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6770 (10.6526)
Epoch:[1043][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7096 (10.6564)
Epoch:[1043][15/18]	Time 2.27 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3063 (10.6345)
Epoch:[1043][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5598 (10.6301)
Epoch:[1043][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5574 (10.6261)
epoch 1043 finished, takes 33.95306468009949 seconds
Epoch:[1044][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4401 (10.4401)
Epoch:[1044][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9561 (10.1981)
Epoch:[1044][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6868 (10.3610)
Epoch:[1044][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2935 (10.3441)
Epoch:[1044][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3930 (10.3539)
Epoch:[1044][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8552 (10.4375)
Epoch:[1044][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2409 (10.4094)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6403279878417611  precision:  0.6582005255930682  f1:  0.6091690356994712 perclass recall:  [0.98550036 0.70723684 0.74411303 0.21872921 0.5460605 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7555678142949349  precision:  0.7710504676475824  f1:  0.7584370954441557 perclass recall:  [0.94682231 0.64791667 0.79241071 0.76190476 0.68860759 0.65110565
 0.78034682 0.775428  ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.703506568136188  precision:  0.7087141778759869  f1:  0.6951308652246843 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96467391 0.95193798 0.39694656 0.8969697  0.56637717]
Epoch:[1044][ 7/18]	Time 13.96 (3.39)	Data 11.94 (1.49)	Loss 11.2057 (10.5089)
Epoch:[1044][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (3.21)	Data 0.00 (1.33)	Loss 10.6276 (10.5221)
Epoch:[1044][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (3.05)	Data 0.00 (1.20)	Loss 10.7366 (10.5436)
Epoch:[1044][10/18]	Time 1.95 (2.95)	Data 0.00 (1.09)	Loss 10.4632 (10.5363)
Epoch:[1044][11/18]	Time 1.88 (2.86)	Data 0.00 (1.00)	Loss 10.3988 (10.5248)
Epoch:[1044][12/18]	Time 2.12 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.92)	Loss 10.2161 (10.5011)
Epoch:[1044][13/18]	Time 1.91 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.85)	Loss 10.2206 (10.4810)
Epoch:[1044][14/18]	Time 1.73 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 10.3179 (10.4702)
Epoch:[1044][15/18]	Time 1.49 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 10.2567 (10.4568)
Epoch:[1044][16/18]	Time 1.87 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 10.3117 (10.4483)
Epoch:[1044][17/18]	Time 1.90 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 10.2746 (10.4386)
epoch 1044 finished, takes 45.39219570159912 seconds
Epoch:[1045][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3636 (10.3636)
Epoch:[1045][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0266 (10.1951)
Epoch:[1045][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1769 (10.1891)
Epoch:[1045][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2033 (10.1926)
Epoch:[1045][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7687 (10.3078)
Epoch:[1045][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6587 (10.1997)
Epoch:[1045][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7205 (10.2741)
Epoch:[1045][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8917 (10.3513)
Epoch:[1045][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5010 (10.3679)
Epoch:[1045][ 9/18]	Time 2.23 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7389 (10.4050)
Epoch:[1045][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8212 (10.4428)
Epoch:[1045][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4195 (10.4409)
Epoch:[1045][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6220 (10.4548)
Epoch:[1045][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3756 (10.4492)
Epoch:[1045][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3008 (10.4393)
Epoch:[1045][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2990 (10.4305)
Epoch:[1045][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0865 (10.4691)
Epoch:[1045][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1253 (10.4500)
epoch 1045 finished, takes 33.863632917404175 seconds
Epoch:[1046][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6002 (10.6002)
Epoch:[1046][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0487 (10.3244)
Epoch:[1046][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3983 (10.3491)
Epoch:[1046][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4594 (10.3766)
Epoch:[1046][ 4/18]	Time 1.59 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2681 (10.3549)
Epoch:[1046][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5455 (10.3867)
Epoch:[1046][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7674 (10.4411)
Epoch:[1046][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8740 (10.3702)
Epoch:[1046][ 8/18]	Time 1.57 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1478 (10.3455)
Epoch:[1046][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7497 (10.3859)
Epoch:[1046][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9487 (10.4371)
Epoch:[1046][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8745 (10.4735)
Epoch:[1046][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3816 (10.4665)
Epoch:[1046][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1804 (10.4460)
Epoch:[1046][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2667 (10.4341)
Epoch:[1046][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5890 (10.4438)
Epoch:[1046][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3116 (10.4360)
Epoch:[1046][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3576 (10.4316)
epoch 1046 finished, takes 33.85699439048767 seconds
Epoch:[1047][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1268 (10.1268)
Epoch:[1047][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1135 (10.1201)
Epoch:[1047][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8791 (10.3731)
Epoch:[1047][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1470 (10.3166)
Epoch:[1047][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6934 (10.3920)
Epoch:[1047][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2304 (10.5317)
Epoch:[1047][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1155 (10.4722)
Epoch:[1047][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7332 (10.5049)
Epoch:[1047][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4275 (10.4963)
Epoch:[1047][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5980 (10.5064)
Epoch:[1047][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5382 (10.5093)
Epoch:[1047][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3796 (10.4985)
Epoch:[1047][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6107 (10.5071)
Epoch:[1047][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7069 (10.5214)
Epoch:[1047][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7583 (10.4705)
Epoch:[1047][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4623 (10.4700)
Epoch:[1047][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5398 (10.4741)
Epoch:[1047][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8661 (10.4959)
epoch 1047 finished, takes 33.896138191223145 seconds
Epoch:[1048][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1617 (11.1617)
Epoch:[1048][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9624 (11.0620)
Epoch:[1048][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0361 (10.7201)
Epoch:[1048][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9261 (10.7716)
Epoch:[1048][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3306 (10.6834)
Epoch:[1048][ 5/18]	Time 2.19 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2931 (10.6183)
Epoch:[1048][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8216 (10.6474)
Epoch:[1048][ 7/18]	Time 1.59 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3796 (10.6139)
Epoch:[1048][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3293 (10.5823)
Epoch:[1048][ 9/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2283 (10.5469)
Epoch:[1048][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7761 (10.5677)
Epoch:[1048][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6826 (10.5773)
Epoch:[1048][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7405 (10.5898)
Epoch:[1048][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4182 (10.5776)
Epoch:[1048][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3623 (10.5632)
Epoch:[1048][15/18]	Time 2.23 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6968 (10.5716)
Epoch:[1048][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2717 (10.5540)
Epoch:[1048][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2914 (10.5394)
epoch 1048 finished, takes 33.8409104347229 seconds
Epoch:[1049][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5844 (10.5844)
Epoch:[1049][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0748 (10.3296)
Epoch:[1049][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8127 (10.4906)
Epoch:[1049][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1556 (10.4069)
Epoch:[1049][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4991 (10.4253)
Epoch:[1049][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0018 (10.5214)
Epoch:[1049][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5927 (10.5316)
Epoch:[1049][ 7/18]	Time 2.25 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4408 (10.5202)
Epoch:[1049][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5021 (10.5182)
Epoch:[1049][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8598 (10.4524)
Epoch:[1049][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6450 (10.4699)
Epoch:[1049][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8579 (10.5022)
Epoch:[1049][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1856 (10.4779)
Epoch:[1049][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0569 (10.5192)
Epoch:[1049][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9984 (10.5512)
Epoch:[1049][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4822 (10.5469)
Epoch:[1049][16/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7036 (10.5561)
Epoch:[1049][17/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7716 (10.5681)
epoch 1049 finished, takes 33.7791223526001 seconds
Epoch:[1050][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5610 (10.5610)
Epoch:[1050][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4115 (10.4862)
Epoch:[1050][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6330 (10.5352)
Epoch:[1050][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1997 (10.4513)
Epoch:[1050][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6922 (10.4995)
Epoch:[1050][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4968 (10.4990)
Epoch:[1050][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1771 (10.5959)
Epoch:[1050][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4396 (10.5764)
Epoch:[1050][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8980 (10.6121)
Epoch:[1050][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2608 (10.5770)
Epoch:[1050][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4588 (10.5662)
Epoch:[1050][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3489 (10.5481)
Epoch:[1050][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6219 (10.5538)
Epoch:[1050][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9982 (10.5855)
Epoch:[1050][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5845 (10.5855)
Epoch:[1050][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9261 (10.6068)
Epoch:[1050][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7044 (10.6125)
Epoch:[1050][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5674 (10.6100)
epoch 1050 finished, takes 33.74132180213928 seconds
Epoch:[1051][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8064 (10.8064)
Epoch:[1051][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9475 (10.8770)
Epoch:[1051][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0804 (10.9448)
Epoch:[1051][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6069 (10.8603)
Epoch:[1051][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0874 (10.7057)
Epoch:[1051][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4631 (10.6653)
Epoch:[1051][ 6/18]	Time 2.20 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4159 (10.6297)
Epoch:[1051][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6350 (10.6303)
Epoch:[1051][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2751 (10.5909)
Epoch:[1051][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9777 (10.5295)
Epoch:[1051][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9836 (10.4799)
Epoch:[1051][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2547 (10.4611)
Epoch:[1051][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1813 (10.4396)
Epoch:[1051][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3450 (10.4329)
Epoch:[1051][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3155 (10.4250)
Epoch:[1051][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6974 (10.3796)
Epoch:[1051][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9183 (10.3524)
Epoch:[1051][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5987 (10.3661)
epoch 1051 finished, takes 33.54495334625244 seconds
Epoch:[1052][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3034 (10.3034)
Epoch:[1052][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4418 (10.3726)
Epoch:[1052][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3805 (10.3752)
Epoch:[1052][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9318 (10.2644)
Epoch:[1052][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1233 (10.2362)
Epoch:[1052][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0904 (10.3785)
Epoch:[1052][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0625 (10.4762)
Epoch:[1052][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6750 (10.5011)
Epoch:[1052][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9218 (10.4367)
Epoch:[1052][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3187 (10.4249)
Epoch:[1052][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3628 (10.4193)
Epoch:[1052][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0500 (10.3885)
Epoch:[1052][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6544 (10.4090)
Epoch:[1052][13/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6671 (10.4274)
Epoch:[1052][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3695 (10.4235)
Epoch:[1052][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2413 (10.4121)
Epoch:[1052][16/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6395 (10.4255)
Epoch:[1052][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1967 (10.4128)
epoch 1052 finished, takes 34.30250072479248 seconds
Epoch:[1053][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7113 (10.7113)
Epoch:[1053][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4256 (10.5685)
Epoch:[1053][ 2/18]	Time 1.60 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8575 (10.6648)
Epoch:[1053][ 3/18]	Time 1.61 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2618 (10.5640)
Epoch:[1053][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4128 (10.5338)
Epoch:[1053][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7691 (10.5730)
Epoch:[1053][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7222 (10.5943)
Epoch:[1053][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1114 (10.6589)
Epoch:[1053][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0857 (10.5953)
Epoch:[1053][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2526 (10.5610)
Epoch:[1053][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3197 (10.5391)
Epoch:[1053][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5474 (10.5398)
Epoch:[1053][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6531 (10.5485)
Epoch:[1053][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3124 (10.5316)
Epoch:[1053][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7578 (10.5467)
Epoch:[1053][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4576 (10.5411)
Epoch:[1053][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6582 (10.5480)
Epoch:[1053][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3888 (10.5392)
epoch 1053 finished, takes 33.74861264228821 seconds
Epoch:[1054][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9282 (10.9282)
Epoch:[1054][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8169 (10.8725)
Epoch:[1054][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1042 (10.6164)
Epoch:[1054][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7972 (10.6616)
Epoch:[1054][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5454 (10.6384)
Epoch:[1054][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8462 (10.6730)
Epoch:[1054][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3569 (10.6278)
Epoch:[1054][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5460 (10.6176)
Epoch:[1054][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1655 (10.5674)
Epoch:[1054][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9504 (10.6057)
Epoch:[1054][10/18]	Time 1.56 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4339 (10.5901)
Epoch:[1054][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7305 (10.6018)
Epoch:[1054][12/18]	Time 2.34 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3211 (10.5802)
Epoch:[1054][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4293 (10.5694)
Epoch:[1054][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6859 (10.5772)
Epoch:[1054][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4039 (10.5663)
Epoch:[1054][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1641 (10.5427)
Epoch:[1054][17/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3874 (10.5341)
epoch 1054 finished, takes 34.26777720451355 seconds
Epoch:[1055][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1624 (11.1624)
Epoch:[1055][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3564 (10.7594)
Epoch:[1055][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3696 (10.6294)
Epoch:[1055][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3378 (10.5565)
Epoch:[1055][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8130 (10.6078)
Epoch:[1055][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0091 (10.6747)
Epoch:[1055][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6583 (10.6724)
Epoch:[1055][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5520 (10.6573)
Epoch:[1055][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6922 (10.6612)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6051393259550263  precision:  0.6365974608331377  f1:  0.5727644679959685 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.70065789 0.74411303 0.21756487 0.37429499]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.753592535903605  precision:  0.7736176563325488  f1:  0.7574674268687649 perclass recall:  [0.95136187 0.61458333 0.80133929 0.75283447 0.69873418 0.66584767
 0.77263969 0.7713998 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7016278879022168  precision:  0.7065006319713345  f1:  0.6930005124672821 perclass recall:  [0.4301676  0.96399457 0.95348837 0.40648855 0.89545455 0.5601737 ]
Epoch:[1055][ 9/18]	Time 14.82 (3.19)	Data 12.91 (1.29)	Loss 10.6179 (10.6569)
Epoch:[1055][10/18]	Time 1.84 (3.07)	Data 0.00 (1.17)	Loss 9.9816 (10.5955)
Epoch:[1055][11/18]	Time 1.85 (2.97)	Data 0.00 (1.08)	Loss 10.2420 (10.5660)
Epoch:[1055][12/18]	Time 1.88 (2.88)	Data 0.00 (0.99)	Loss 10.3533 (10.5497)
Epoch:[1055][13/18]	Time 1.84 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.92)	Loss 10.3173 (10.5331)
Epoch:[1055][14/18]	Time 2.00 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 10.0414 (10.5003)
Epoch:[1055][15/18]	Time 1.78 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 10.2086 (10.4821)
Epoch:[1055][16/18]	Time 2.07 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 10.7387 (10.4972)
Epoch:[1055][17/18]	Time 1.88 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 10.7348 (10.5104)
epoch 1055 finished, takes 47.053839445114136 seconds
Epoch:[1056][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6019 (10.6019)
Epoch:[1056][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9678 (10.2849)
Epoch:[1056][ 2/18]	Time 1.64 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0390 (10.2029)
Epoch:[1056][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2799 (10.2222)
Epoch:[1056][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9379 (10.3653)
Epoch:[1056][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2352 (10.3436)
Epoch:[1056][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1650 (10.4610)
Epoch:[1056][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7703 (10.4996)
Epoch:[1056][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1818 (10.4643)
Epoch:[1056][ 9/18]	Time 1.58 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1186 (10.4297)
Epoch:[1056][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1158 (10.4012)
Epoch:[1056][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4423 (10.4880)
Epoch:[1056][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3235 (10.4753)
Epoch:[1056][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2615 (10.4600)
Epoch:[1056][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6814 (10.4748)
Epoch:[1056][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6911 (10.4883)
Epoch:[1056][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7069 (10.5012)
Epoch:[1056][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7103 (10.5128)
epoch 1056 finished, takes 33.27422285079956 seconds
Epoch:[1057][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2459 (11.2459)
Epoch:[1057][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3941 (10.8200)
Epoch:[1057][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8776 (10.5059)
Epoch:[1057][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4670 (10.4962)
Epoch:[1057][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7730 (10.5515)
Epoch:[1057][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4613 (10.5365)
Epoch:[1057][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9910 (10.6014)
Epoch:[1057][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5918 (10.6002)
Epoch:[1057][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0422 (10.5382)
Epoch:[1057][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6211 (10.5465)
Epoch:[1057][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4989 (10.5422)
Epoch:[1057][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6761 (10.5533)
Epoch:[1057][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3838 (10.5403)
Epoch:[1057][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9689 (10.5709)
Epoch:[1057][14/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2236 (10.5478)
Epoch:[1057][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7604 (10.4985)
Epoch:[1057][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3193 (10.4880)
Epoch:[1057][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4574 (10.4863)
epoch 1057 finished, takes 33.4700973033905 seconds
Epoch:[1058][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5202 (10.5202)
Epoch:[1058][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2905 (10.4053)
Epoch:[1058][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8954 (10.2354)
Epoch:[1058][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7747 (10.3702)
Epoch:[1058][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6394 (10.4240)
Epoch:[1058][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3746 (10.4158)
Epoch:[1058][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9066 (10.4859)
Epoch:[1058][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2360 (10.4547)
Epoch:[1058][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4176 (10.4506)
Epoch:[1058][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7364 (10.4791)
Epoch:[1058][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1971 (10.4535)
Epoch:[1058][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5162 (10.4587)
Epoch:[1058][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1677 (10.4363)
Epoch:[1058][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6017 (10.4482)
Epoch:[1058][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5964 (10.3914)
Epoch:[1058][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4747 (10.3966)
Epoch:[1058][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7178 (10.4155)
Epoch:[1058][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6556 (10.4288)
epoch 1058 finished, takes 33.36313080787659 seconds
Epoch:[1059][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5908 (10.5908)
Epoch:[1059][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0994 (10.3451)
Epoch:[1059][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5374 (10.4092)
Epoch:[1059][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7371 (10.4912)
Epoch:[1059][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4661 (10.4861)
Epoch:[1059][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7171 (10.5246)
Epoch:[1059][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5294 (10.5253)
Epoch:[1059][ 7/18]	Time 2.19 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7639 (10.5551)
Epoch:[1059][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5518 (10.5548)
Epoch:[1059][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2855 (10.5278)
Epoch:[1059][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9038 (10.5620)
Epoch:[1059][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2975 (10.5400)
Epoch:[1059][12/18]	Time 2.13 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4602 (10.5338)
Epoch:[1059][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1050 (10.5032)
Epoch:[1059][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3178 (10.4908)
Epoch:[1059][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2445 (10.4754)
Epoch:[1059][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7704 (10.4928)
Epoch:[1059][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6017 (10.4988)
epoch 1059 finished, takes 34.46892738342285 seconds
Epoch:[1060][ 0/18]	Time 1.52 (1.52)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9925 (9.9925)
Epoch:[1060][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5282 (10.2603)
Epoch:[1060][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3535 (10.2914)
Epoch:[1060][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0911 (10.2413)
Epoch:[1060][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3303 (10.2591)
Epoch:[1060][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2854 (10.2635)
Epoch:[1060][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6892 (10.3243)
Epoch:[1060][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0999 (10.2962)
Epoch:[1060][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3953 (10.3072)
Epoch:[1060][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3013 (10.3067)
Epoch:[1060][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1511 (10.3834)
Epoch:[1060][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1440 (10.3635)
Epoch:[1060][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9496 (10.3316)
Epoch:[1060][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7582 (10.3621)
Epoch:[1060][14/18]	Time 2.33 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4713 (10.3694)
Epoch:[1060][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4559 (10.3748)
Epoch:[1060][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4982 (10.3820)
Epoch:[1060][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1282 (10.3679)
epoch 1060 finished, takes 33.52152442932129 seconds
Epoch:[1061][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2713 (10.2713)
Epoch:[1061][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5831 (10.4272)
Epoch:[1061][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5512 (10.4686)
Epoch:[1061][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8933 (10.5748)
Epoch:[1061][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6358 (10.5870)
Epoch:[1061][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7853 (10.6200)
Epoch:[1061][ 6/18]	Time 2.17 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3167 (10.7195)
Epoch:[1061][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4661 (10.6879)
Epoch:[1061][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6104 (10.6793)
Epoch:[1061][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6895 (10.6803)
Epoch:[1061][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0059 (10.6190)
Epoch:[1061][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5937 (10.6169)
Epoch:[1061][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3706 (10.5979)
Epoch:[1061][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7971 (10.6122)
Epoch:[1061][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3886 (10.5972)
Epoch:[1061][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8367 (10.6122)
Epoch:[1061][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2566 (10.5913)
Epoch:[1061][17/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5030 (10.5864)
epoch 1061 finished, takes 33.774388790130615 seconds
Epoch:[1062][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4476 (10.4476)
Epoch:[1062][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3578 (10.4027)
Epoch:[1062][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7031 (10.5028)
Epoch:[1062][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8447 (10.5883)
Epoch:[1062][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9949 (10.4696)
Epoch:[1062][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0741 (10.5703)
Epoch:[1062][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4632 (10.5550)
Epoch:[1062][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2795 (10.5206)
Epoch:[1062][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9810 (10.4606)
Epoch:[1062][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3916 (10.4537)
Epoch:[1062][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3496 (10.4443)
Epoch:[1062][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6495 (10.4614)
Epoch:[1062][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7072 (10.4803)
Epoch:[1062][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5648 (10.4863)
Epoch:[1062][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3325 (10.4761)
Epoch:[1062][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8815 (10.5014)
Epoch:[1062][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4801 (10.5002)
Epoch:[1062][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3809 (10.4935)
epoch 1062 finished, takes 34.111310720443726 seconds
Epoch:[1063][ 0/18]	Time 2.19 (2.19)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5447 (10.5447)
Epoch:[1063][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9329 (10.2388)
Epoch:[1063][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3179 (10.2652)
Epoch:[1063][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5488 (10.3361)
Epoch:[1063][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7577 (10.4204)
Epoch:[1063][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8981 (10.3334)
Epoch:[1063][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4780 (10.3540)
Epoch:[1063][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5489 (10.3784)
Epoch:[1063][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4415 (10.3854)
Epoch:[1063][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6280 (10.4096)
Epoch:[1063][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2948 (10.3992)
Epoch:[1063][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3591 (10.3959)
Epoch:[1063][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7644 (10.3473)
Epoch:[1063][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1792 (10.3353)
Epoch:[1063][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8172 (10.3674)
Epoch:[1063][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7180 (10.3893)
Epoch:[1063][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6476 (10.4045)
Epoch:[1063][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6375 (10.4175)
epoch 1063 finished, takes 33.48609662055969 seconds
Epoch:[1064][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3969 (10.3969)
Epoch:[1064][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2143 (10.3056)
Epoch:[1064][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3930 (10.3347)
Epoch:[1064][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3894 (10.3484)
Epoch:[1064][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7307 (10.4248)
Epoch:[1064][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2409 (10.3942)
Epoch:[1064][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0274 (10.3418)
Epoch:[1064][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6288 (10.3777)
Epoch:[1064][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9590 (10.3311)
Epoch:[1064][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5420 (10.3522)
Epoch:[1064][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4724 (10.3632)
Epoch:[1064][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5812 (10.3813)
Epoch:[1064][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6030 (10.3984)
Epoch:[1064][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1565 (10.3811)
Epoch:[1064][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5324 (10.3912)
Epoch:[1064][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6666 (10.4084)
Epoch:[1064][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0212 (10.3856)
Epoch:[1064][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4161 (10.3873)
epoch 1064 finished, takes 33.463051557540894 seconds
Epoch:[1065][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1530 (11.1530)
Epoch:[1065][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6091 (10.8810)
Epoch:[1065][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9600 (10.5740)
Epoch:[1065][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8205 (10.6356)
Epoch:[1065][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2939 (10.5673)
Epoch:[1065][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9686 (10.4675)
Epoch:[1065][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9207 (10.5323)
Epoch:[1065][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5230 (10.5311)
Epoch:[1065][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0444 (10.4770)
Epoch:[1065][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3764 (10.4670)
Epoch:[1065][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0482 (10.4289)
Epoch:[1065][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5791 (10.4414)
Epoch:[1065][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3011 (10.4306)
Epoch:[1065][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7674 (10.4547)
Epoch:[1065][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4337 (10.4533)
Epoch:[1065][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5791 (10.4611)
Epoch:[1065][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7324 (10.4771)
Epoch:[1065][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7930 (10.4947)
epoch 1065 finished, takes 33.337849140167236 seconds
Epoch:[1066][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7742 (9.7742)
Epoch:[1066][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6171 (10.1957)
Epoch:[1066][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1844 (10.1919)
Epoch:[1066][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7510 (10.3317)
Epoch:[1066][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9140 (10.4481)
Epoch:[1066][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0847 (10.3876)
Epoch:[1066][ 6/18]	Time 2.19 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3620 (10.3839)
Epoch:[1066][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1966 (10.3605)
Epoch:[1066][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2148 (10.3443)
Epoch:[1066][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5539 (10.3653)
Epoch:[1066][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0497 (10.4275)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6347786135561888  precision:  0.6568068308225088  f1:  0.6030285701354472 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.69450801 0.74411303 0.21706587 0.52914032]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7547544419905383  precision:  0.7734325395346882  f1:  0.7580824924334597 perclass recall:  [0.95590143 0.60416667 0.79241071 0.80952381 0.66582278 0.65110565
 0.79576108 0.7633434 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7072932786064836  precision:  0.7103160604883265  f1:  0.697302280005804 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96535326 0.95813953 0.41603053 0.9030303  0.55707196]
Epoch:[1066][11/18]	Time 13.81 (2.87)	Data 11.82 (0.99)	Loss 10.3375 (10.4200)
Epoch:[1066][12/18]	Time 1.98 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.91)	Loss 10.5046 (10.4265)
Epoch:[1066][13/18]	Time 1.73 (2.72)	Data 0.00 (0.84)	Loss 10.3207 (10.4189)
Epoch:[1066][14/18]	Time 1.91 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.9838 (10.3899)
Epoch:[1066][15/18]	Time 1.76 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 10.6828 (10.4082)
Epoch:[1066][16/18]	Time 1.85 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.8359 (10.3746)
Epoch:[1066][17/18]	Time 1.76 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 10.8485 (10.4009)
epoch 1066 finished, takes 45.40779185295105 seconds
Epoch:[1067][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4557 (10.4557)
Epoch:[1067][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1377 (10.2967)
Epoch:[1067][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2092 (10.2675)
Epoch:[1067][ 3/18]	Time 2.16 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2304 (10.2582)
Epoch:[1067][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7391 (10.3544)
Epoch:[1067][ 5/18]	Time 1.60 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7871 (10.4265)
Epoch:[1067][ 6/18]	Time 1.60 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3082 (10.4096)
Epoch:[1067][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4721 (10.4174)
Epoch:[1067][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9477 (10.4763)
Epoch:[1067][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8020 (10.5089)
Epoch:[1067][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2508 (10.4854)
Epoch:[1067][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3189 (10.4716)
Epoch:[1067][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8027 (10.4201)
Epoch:[1067][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0248 (10.3919)
Epoch:[1067][14/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3584 (10.3896)
Epoch:[1067][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5695 (10.4009)
Epoch:[1067][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8136 (10.4251)
Epoch:[1067][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9410 (10.3983)
epoch 1067 finished, takes 33.22188758850098 seconds
Epoch:[1068][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2412 (10.2412)
Epoch:[1068][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2197 (10.2304)
Epoch:[1068][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6692 (10.3767)
Epoch:[1068][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.3455 (10.6189)
Epoch:[1068][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7300 (10.6411)
Epoch:[1068][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0875 (10.5488)
Epoch:[1068][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3789 (10.5246)
Epoch:[1068][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3354 (10.5009)
Epoch:[1068][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0316 (10.4488)
Epoch:[1068][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3935 (10.4432)
Epoch:[1068][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2916 (10.4294)
Epoch:[1068][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0829 (10.4839)
Epoch:[1068][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4519 (10.4814)
Epoch:[1068][13/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5862 (10.4889)
Epoch:[1068][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5558 (10.4934)
Epoch:[1068][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2766 (10.4798)
Epoch:[1068][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6978 (10.4927)
Epoch:[1068][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7194 (10.5053)
epoch 1068 finished, takes 34.40784811973572 seconds
Epoch:[1069][ 0/18]	Time 2.10 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5329 (10.5329)
Epoch:[1069][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3293 (10.4311)
Epoch:[1069][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5404 (10.4675)
Epoch:[1069][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2161 (10.4047)
Epoch:[1069][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7678 (10.4773)
Epoch:[1069][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5199 (10.4844)
Epoch:[1069][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2472 (10.4505)
Epoch:[1069][ 7/18]	Time 2.25 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5047 (10.4573)
Epoch:[1069][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8870 (10.5050)
Epoch:[1069][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2758 (10.4821)
Epoch:[1069][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4494 (10.4791)
Epoch:[1069][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7000 (10.4975)
Epoch:[1069][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9747 (10.4573)
Epoch:[1069][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7991 (10.4817)
Epoch:[1069][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1090 (10.4569)
Epoch:[1069][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4041 (10.4536)
Epoch:[1069][16/18]	Time 1.63 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9841 (10.4260)
Epoch:[1069][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4359 (10.4265)
epoch 1069 finished, takes 34.17167854309082 seconds
Epoch:[1070][ 0/18]	Time 2.14 (2.14)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4735 (10.4735)
Epoch:[1070][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6855 (10.0795)
Epoch:[1070][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2145 (10.4579)
Epoch:[1070][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8302 (10.3009)
Epoch:[1070][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1454 (10.4698)
Epoch:[1070][ 5/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5889 (10.4897)
Epoch:[1070][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0311 (10.4242)
Epoch:[1070][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3712 (10.4176)
Epoch:[1070][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7345 (10.4528)
Epoch:[1070][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3563 (10.4431)
Epoch:[1070][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0252 (10.4051)
Epoch:[1070][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7383 (10.4329)
Epoch:[1070][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0366 (10.4793)
Epoch:[1070][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4118 (10.4745)
Epoch:[1070][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7395 (10.4922)
Epoch:[1070][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4934 (10.4923)
Epoch:[1070][16/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7673 (10.5084)
Epoch:[1070][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1961 (10.4911)
epoch 1070 finished, takes 34.24459791183472 seconds
Epoch:[1071][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7975 (10.7975)
Epoch:[1071][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1180 (10.9577)
Epoch:[1071][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2647 (10.7267)
Epoch:[1071][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3952 (10.6438)
Epoch:[1071][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8436 (10.6838)
Epoch:[1071][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8901 (10.7182)
Epoch:[1071][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7088 (10.7168)
Epoch:[1071][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4490 (10.6834)
Epoch:[1071][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4832 (10.6611)
Epoch:[1071][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1409 (10.6091)
Epoch:[1071][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8939 (10.5441)
Epoch:[1071][11/18]	Time 2.35 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0132 (10.5832)
Epoch:[1071][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0877 (10.5451)
Epoch:[1071][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1785 (10.5189)
Epoch:[1071][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5969 (10.5241)
Epoch:[1071][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3176 (10.5112)
Epoch:[1071][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8846 (10.4743)
Epoch:[1071][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6268 (10.4828)
epoch 1071 finished, takes 33.91259741783142 seconds
Epoch:[1072][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5891 (10.5891)
Epoch:[1072][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0790 (10.8341)
Epoch:[1072][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2103 (10.6261)
Epoch:[1072][ 3/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0489 (10.7318)
Epoch:[1072][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0316 (10.5918)
Epoch:[1072][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1763 (10.5225)
Epoch:[1072][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6727 (10.5440)
Epoch:[1072][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4664 (10.5343)
Epoch:[1072][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2118 (10.4985)
Epoch:[1072][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.01 (0.00)	Loss 10.3649 (10.4851)
Epoch:[1072][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2821 (10.4666)
Epoch:[1072][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2707 (10.4503)
Epoch:[1072][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4871 (10.4531)
Epoch:[1072][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9903 (10.4915)
Epoch:[1072][14/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0813 (10.4642)
Epoch:[1072][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6355 (10.4124)
Epoch:[1072][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3576 (10.4092)
Epoch:[1072][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1760 (10.3962)
epoch 1072 finished, takes 33.761045694351196 seconds
Epoch:[1073][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6514 (10.6514)
Epoch:[1073][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6557 (10.6535)
Epoch:[1073][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0693 (10.4588)
Epoch:[1073][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5694 (10.4864)
Epoch:[1073][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8646 (10.5621)
Epoch:[1073][ 5/18]	Time 2.28 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8636 (10.6123)
Epoch:[1073][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.5461 (10.7457)
Epoch:[1073][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1896 (10.6762)
Epoch:[1073][ 8/18]	Time 1.65 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7034 (10.6792)
Epoch:[1073][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0399 (10.6153)
Epoch:[1073][10/18]	Time 2.17 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1771 (10.5755)
Epoch:[1073][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5747 (10.5754)
Epoch:[1073][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9729 (10.5291)
Epoch:[1073][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6621 (10.5386)
Epoch:[1073][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1468 (10.5791)
Epoch:[1073][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4396 (10.5704)
Epoch:[1073][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1585 (10.5462)
Epoch:[1073][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1792 (10.5258)
epoch 1073 finished, takes 34.78136706352234 seconds
Epoch:[1074][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3123 (10.3123)
Epoch:[1074][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1157 (10.2140)
Epoch:[1074][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0821 (10.1700)
Epoch:[1074][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5513 (10.2654)
Epoch:[1074][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9095 (10.1942)
Epoch:[1074][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4986 (10.2449)
Epoch:[1074][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1858 (10.2365)
Epoch:[1074][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4013 (10.2571)
Epoch:[1074][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5335 (10.2878)
Epoch:[1074][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8458 (10.3436)
Epoch:[1074][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5532 (10.3626)
Epoch:[1074][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6891 (10.3898)
Epoch:[1074][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0768 (10.3658)
Epoch:[1074][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6427 (10.3855)
Epoch:[1074][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4748 (10.3915)
Epoch:[1074][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9183 (10.4244)
Epoch:[1074][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5221 (10.4302)
Epoch:[1074][17/18]	Time 2.23 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0790 (10.4662)
epoch 1074 finished, takes 34.392550230026245 seconds
Epoch:[1075][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2430 (10.2430)
Epoch:[1075][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1601 (10.2016)
Epoch:[1075][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5119 (10.3050)
Epoch:[1075][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2911 (10.3016)
Epoch:[1075][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2680 (10.2948)
Epoch:[1075][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1987 (10.2788)
Epoch:[1075][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4731 (10.3066)
Epoch:[1075][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5977 (10.2180)
Epoch:[1075][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9655 (10.3010)
Epoch:[1075][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2651 (10.2974)
Epoch:[1075][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2183 (10.2902)
Epoch:[1075][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9663 (10.2632)
Epoch:[1075][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0789 (10.3260)
Epoch:[1075][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7977 (10.2882)
Epoch:[1075][14/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2507 (10.2857)
Epoch:[1075][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8277 (10.3196)
Epoch:[1075][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7232 (10.3434)
Epoch:[1075][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5417 (10.3544)
epoch 1075 finished, takes 33.1811785697937 seconds
Epoch:[1076][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9239 (9.9239)
Epoch:[1076][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7516 (9.8378)
Epoch:[1076][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0738 (9.9164)
Epoch:[1076][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3227 (10.0180)
Epoch:[1076][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4254 (10.0995)
Epoch:[1076][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4886 (10.1643)
Epoch:[1076][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0561 (10.1489)
Epoch:[1076][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2304 (10.1591)
Epoch:[1076][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3113 (10.1760)
Epoch:[1076][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2998 (10.1884)
Epoch:[1076][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0308 (10.1740)
Epoch:[1076][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0714 (10.2488)
Epoch:[1076][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8917 (10.2983)
Epoch:[1076][13/18]	Time 1.60 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6862 (10.3260)
Epoch:[1076][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4856 (10.3366)
Epoch:[1076][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5480 (10.3498)
Epoch:[1076][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3096 (10.3475)
Epoch:[1076][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4561 (10.3535)
epoch 1076 finished, takes 33.337178230285645 seconds
Epoch:[1077][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3030 (10.3030)
Epoch:[1077][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7612 (10.5321)
Epoch:[1077][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3862 (10.4834)
Epoch:[1077][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0439 (10.3736)
Epoch:[1077][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4612 (10.3911)
Epoch:[1077][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4283 (10.3973)
Epoch:[1077][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1403 (10.3606)
Epoch:[1077][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3911 (10.3644)
Epoch:[1077][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6559 (10.3968)
Epoch:[1077][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1577 (10.3729)
Epoch:[1077][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3044 (10.3667)
Epoch:[1077][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6617 (10.3912)
Epoch:[1077][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4154 (10.3931)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6367078502776253  precision:  0.6596491851253921  f1:  0.6058736661531606 perclass recall:  [0.98621345 0.70666476 0.74411303 0.21706587 0.52948214]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7533331921012858  precision:  0.7692712869182954  f1:  0.7557960394699313 perclass recall:  [0.95071336 0.63125    0.80357143 0.76190476 0.6835443  0.65601966
 0.78034682 0.75931521]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7103421178704505  precision:  0.7094965252475571  f1:  0.6996312941455377 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96671196 0.95658915 0.43129771 0.89848485 0.55086849]
Epoch:[1077][13/18]	Time 13.33 (2.66)	Data 11.53 (0.82)	Loss 10.8086 (10.4228)
Epoch:[1077][14/18]	Time 1.77 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 10.3107 (10.4153)
Epoch:[1077][15/18]	Time 1.82 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 10.9872 (10.4511)
Epoch:[1077][16/18]	Time 1.53 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 9.7345 (10.4089)
Epoch:[1077][17/18]	Time 1.90 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 10.4744 (10.4125)
epoch 1077 finished, takes 44.30325770378113 seconds
Epoch:[1078][ 0/18]	Time 2.13 (2.13)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0401 (10.0401)
Epoch:[1078][ 1/18]	Time 1.58 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1905 (10.1153)
Epoch:[1078][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0938 (10.1081)
Epoch:[1078][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5880 (10.2281)
Epoch:[1078][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9828 (10.1790)
Epoch:[1078][ 5/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5227 (10.2363)
Epoch:[1078][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3944 (10.2589)
Epoch:[1078][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7679 (10.3225)
Epoch:[1078][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8464 (10.3807)
Epoch:[1078][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3743 (10.3801)
Epoch:[1078][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8004 (10.4183)
Epoch:[1078][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4052 (10.4172)
Epoch:[1078][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2988 (10.4081)
Epoch:[1078][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6862 (10.4280)
Epoch:[1078][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9730 (10.3976)
Epoch:[1078][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6071 (10.4107)
Epoch:[1078][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4071 (10.4105)
Epoch:[1078][17/18]	Time 1.60 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0264 (10.4447)
epoch 1078 finished, takes 34.08490347862244 seconds
Epoch:[1079][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5666 (10.5666)
Epoch:[1079][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6215 (10.5941)
Epoch:[1079][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8935 (10.3606)
Epoch:[1079][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8546 (10.4841)
Epoch:[1079][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3284 (10.4529)
Epoch:[1079][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3460 (10.4351)
Epoch:[1079][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4435 (10.4363)
Epoch:[1079][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7635 (10.4772)
Epoch:[1079][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6928 (10.5012)
Epoch:[1079][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5203 (10.5031)
Epoch:[1079][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4626 (10.4994)
Epoch:[1079][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5913 (10.5071)
Epoch:[1079][12/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4537 (10.5030)
Epoch:[1079][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5825 (10.5086)
Epoch:[1079][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3933 (10.5009)
Epoch:[1079][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0198 (10.4709)
Epoch:[1079][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8129 (10.4910)
Epoch:[1079][17/18]	Time 2.30 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6814 (10.5016)
epoch 1079 finished, takes 34.00880312919617 seconds
Epoch:[1080][ 0/18]	Time 2.15 (2.15)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6763 (10.6763)
Epoch:[1080][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1705 (10.4234)
Epoch:[1080][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1303 (10.6591)
Epoch:[1080][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2583 (10.5589)
Epoch:[1080][ 4/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1072 (10.4685)
Epoch:[1080][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7677 (10.5184)
Epoch:[1080][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9951 (10.4436)
Epoch:[1080][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5162 (10.4527)
Epoch:[1080][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1350 (10.4174)
Epoch:[1080][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4635 (10.4220)
Epoch:[1080][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1602 (10.3982)
Epoch:[1080][11/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9702 (10.3625)
Epoch:[1080][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6561 (10.3851)
Epoch:[1080][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1722 (10.3699)
Epoch:[1080][14/18]	Time 2.19 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6554 (10.3889)
Epoch:[1080][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6887 (10.4077)
Epoch:[1080][16/18]	Time 1.61 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4431 (10.4098)
Epoch:[1080][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7280 (10.4274)
epoch 1080 finished, takes 33.092469692230225 seconds
Epoch:[1081][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0351 (11.0351)
Epoch:[1081][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6848 (10.8599)
Epoch:[1081][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7316 (10.8172)
Epoch:[1081][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3663 (10.7045)
Epoch:[1081][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2117 (10.6059)
Epoch:[1081][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2414 (10.5452)
Epoch:[1081][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5678 (10.5484)
Epoch:[1081][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9002 (10.4674)
Epoch:[1081][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5330 (10.4747)
Epoch:[1081][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2759 (10.4548)
Epoch:[1081][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4903 (10.4580)
Epoch:[1081][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3703 (10.4507)
Epoch:[1081][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6432 (10.4655)
Epoch:[1081][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1559 (10.4434)
Epoch:[1081][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3227 (10.4353)
Epoch:[1081][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3855 (10.4322)
Epoch:[1081][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4101 (10.4309)
Epoch:[1081][17/18]	Time 1.60 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1948 (10.4178)
epoch 1081 finished, takes 34.16590857505798 seconds
Epoch:[1082][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4415 (10.4415)
Epoch:[1082][ 1/18]	Time 1.63 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7821 (10.6118)
Epoch:[1082][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7467 (10.6567)
Epoch:[1082][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7866 (10.6892)
Epoch:[1082][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5371 (10.6588)
Epoch:[1082][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0788 (10.5621)
Epoch:[1082][ 6/18]	Time 1.55 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3211 (10.5277)
Epoch:[1082][ 7/18]	Time 1.62 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3669 (10.5076)
Epoch:[1082][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8808 (10.5491)
Epoch:[1082][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3522 (10.5294)
Epoch:[1082][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9883 (10.4802)
Epoch:[1082][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2124 (10.4579)
Epoch:[1082][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6816 (10.4751)
Epoch:[1082][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6930 (10.4906)
Epoch:[1082][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6215 (10.4994)
Epoch:[1082][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5340 (10.5015)
Epoch:[1082][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4106 (10.4962)
Epoch:[1082][17/18]	Time 2.21 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5781 (10.5007)
epoch 1082 finished, takes 33.228758573532104 seconds
Epoch:[1083][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0268 (11.0268)
Epoch:[1083][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4645 (10.7457)
Epoch:[1083][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4788 (10.6567)
Epoch:[1083][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1906 (10.5402)
Epoch:[1083][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1984 (10.4718)
Epoch:[1083][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4536 (10.4688)
Epoch:[1083][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4947 (10.4725)
Epoch:[1083][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6499 (10.4947)
Epoch:[1083][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9661 (10.5471)
Epoch:[1083][ 9/18]	Time 1.45 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7971 (10.4721)
Epoch:[1083][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6609 (10.4892)
Epoch:[1083][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3611 (10.4786)
Epoch:[1083][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7559 (10.4999)
Epoch:[1083][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6860 (10.5132)
Epoch:[1083][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2752 (10.4973)
Epoch:[1083][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5132 (10.4983)
Epoch:[1083][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3010 (10.4867)
Epoch:[1083][17/18]	Time 2.18 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7823 (10.5031)
epoch 1083 finished, takes 33.603819608688354 seconds
Epoch:[1084][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1527 (10.1527)
Epoch:[1084][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4801 (10.3164)
Epoch:[1084][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4520 (10.3616)
Epoch:[1084][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6767 (10.4404)
Epoch:[1084][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4400 (10.4403)
Epoch:[1084][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0260 (10.3712)
Epoch:[1084][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8405 (10.4383)
Epoch:[1084][ 7/18]	Time 2.17 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3341 (10.4252)
Epoch:[1084][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4903 (10.4325)
Epoch:[1084][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2242 (10.4116)
Epoch:[1084][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2214 (10.4853)
Epoch:[1084][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3902 (10.4773)
Epoch:[1084][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5171 (10.4804)
Epoch:[1084][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1800 (10.4589)
Epoch:[1084][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7137 (10.4759)
Epoch:[1084][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9519 (10.5057)
Epoch:[1084][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4506 (10.5024)
Epoch:[1084][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8045 (10.5192)
epoch 1084 finished, takes 34.70684218406677 seconds
Epoch:[1085][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2465 (10.2465)
Epoch:[1085][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5950 (10.4207)
Epoch:[1085][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4190 (10.4201)
Epoch:[1085][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4178 (10.4196)
Epoch:[1085][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4573 (10.4271)
Epoch:[1085][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2497 (10.3975)
Epoch:[1085][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2595 (10.3778)
Epoch:[1085][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0912 (10.4670)
Epoch:[1085][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8755 (10.5124)
Epoch:[1085][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8509 (10.4462)
Epoch:[1085][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2621 (10.4295)
Epoch:[1085][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2448 (10.4141)
Epoch:[1085][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4951 (10.4203)
Epoch:[1085][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3787 (10.4174)
Epoch:[1085][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4975 (10.4227)
Epoch:[1085][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0810 (10.4013)
Epoch:[1085][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1732 (10.3879)
Epoch:[1085][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3355 (10.3850)
epoch 1085 finished, takes 34.08693480491638 seconds
Epoch:[1086][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8383 (10.8383)
Epoch:[1086][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9986 (10.4184)
Epoch:[1086][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0411 (10.2927)
Epoch:[1086][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7347 (10.4032)
Epoch:[1086][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0434 (10.3312)
Epoch:[1086][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2904 (10.3244)
Epoch:[1086][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1852 (10.3045)
Epoch:[1086][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5698 (10.3377)
Epoch:[1086][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2321 (10.3260)
Epoch:[1086][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3180 (10.3252)
Epoch:[1086][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3556 (10.3279)
Epoch:[1086][11/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2264 (10.3195)
Epoch:[1086][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4746 (10.3314)
Epoch:[1086][13/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8531 (10.2972)
Epoch:[1086][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6185 (10.3187)
Epoch:[1086][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4922 (10.3295)
Epoch:[1086][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6203 (10.3466)
Epoch:[1086][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6880 (10.3100)
epoch 1086 finished, takes 33.033976316452026 seconds
Epoch:[1087][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0143 (10.0143)
Epoch:[1087][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8820 (10.4481)
Epoch:[1087][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5339 (10.4767)
Epoch:[1087][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9899 (10.6050)
Epoch:[1087][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4000 (10.5640)
Epoch:[1087][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2028 (10.5038)
Epoch:[1087][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5358 (10.5084)
Epoch:[1087][ 7/18]	Time 1.64 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6951 (10.5317)
Epoch:[1087][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9596 (10.4681)
Epoch:[1087][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7638 (10.4977)
Epoch:[1087][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9617 (10.4490)
Epoch:[1087][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4998 (10.4532)
Epoch:[1087][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0291 (10.4975)
Epoch:[1087][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4114 (10.4914)
Epoch:[1087][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4257 (10.4870)
Epoch:[1087][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4064 (10.4819)
Epoch:[1087][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3151 (10.4721)
Epoch:[1087][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0061 (10.5018)
epoch 1087 finished, takes 33.188138008117676 seconds
Epoch:[1088][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1188 (10.1188)
Epoch:[1088][ 1/18]	Time 1.59 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3363 (10.2276)
Epoch:[1088][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0894 (10.1815)
Epoch:[1088][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4723 (10.2542)
Epoch:[1088][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2712 (10.2576)
Epoch:[1088][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5798 (10.3113)
Epoch:[1088][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0966 (10.2806)
Epoch:[1088][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3657 (10.2913)
Epoch:[1088][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0613 (10.2657)
Epoch:[1088][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5475 (10.2939)
Epoch:[1088][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0677 (10.2733)
Epoch:[1088][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9797 (10.2489)
Epoch:[1088][12/18]	Time 1.57 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9621 (10.2268)
Epoch:[1088][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0898 (10.2170)
Epoch:[1088][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2408 (10.2186)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5977789985013041  precision:  0.6353383252840863  f1:  0.56427707214429 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.71953661 0.74411303 0.2162342  0.31994531]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.75457313713576  precision:  0.7748520379880076  f1:  0.7583812119260953 perclass recall:  [0.94876783 0.63541667 0.79464286 0.75056689 0.69873418 0.67321867
 0.76685934 0.76837865]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7041716276765144  precision:  0.7087825939414126  f1:  0.6948845131560163 perclass recall:  [0.43575419 0.96263587 0.95503876 0.40839695 0.9030303  0.5601737 ]
Epoch:[1088][15/18]	Time 13.48 (2.54)	Data 11.41 (0.71)	Loss 10.2682 (10.2217)
Epoch:[1088][16/18]	Time 1.69 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 10.5169 (10.2391)
Epoch:[1088][17/18]	Time 1.81 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 10.4165 (10.2489)
epoch 1088 finished, takes 44.17927432060242 seconds
Epoch:[1089][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3733 (10.3733)
Epoch:[1089][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1043 (10.2388)
Epoch:[1089][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8707 (10.4494)
Epoch:[1089][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8872 (10.5588)
Epoch:[1089][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8648 (10.4200)
Epoch:[1089][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1155 (10.3693)
Epoch:[1089][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1674 (10.3404)
Epoch:[1089][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3564 (10.3424)
Epoch:[1089][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7853 (10.3916)
Epoch:[1089][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0091 (10.3534)
Epoch:[1089][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3116 (10.3496)
Epoch:[1089][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6911 (10.3780)
Epoch:[1089][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1563 (10.3610)
Epoch:[1089][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5243 (10.3726)
Epoch:[1089][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5743 (10.3861)
Epoch:[1089][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8780 (10.3543)
Epoch:[1089][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8221 (10.3818)
Epoch:[1089][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1416 (10.3685)
epoch 1089 finished, takes 33.378642082214355 seconds
Epoch:[1090][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5743 (10.5743)
Epoch:[1090][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8696 (10.7219)
Epoch:[1090][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8653 (10.7697)
Epoch:[1090][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1051 (10.6036)
Epoch:[1090][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7816 (10.4392)
Epoch:[1090][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2491 (10.4075)
Epoch:[1090][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4800 (10.4179)
Epoch:[1090][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9626 (10.3609)
Epoch:[1090][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3536 (10.3601)
Epoch:[1090][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6588 (10.3900)
Epoch:[1090][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5787 (10.4072)
Epoch:[1090][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5086 (10.4156)
Epoch:[1090][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3172 (10.4080)
Epoch:[1090][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2228 (10.3948)
Epoch:[1090][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1934 (10.3814)
Epoch:[1090][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1326 (10.3658)
Epoch:[1090][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2274 (10.3577)
Epoch:[1090][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5451 (10.3681)
epoch 1090 finished, takes 33.01104521751404 seconds
Epoch:[1091][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2650 (11.2650)
Epoch:[1091][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3487 (10.8069)
Epoch:[1091][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4052 (10.6730)
Epoch:[1091][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7391 (10.4395)
Epoch:[1091][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4851 (10.4486)
Epoch:[1091][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8270 (10.5117)
Epoch:[1091][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3849 (10.4936)
Epoch:[1091][ 7/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8561 (10.5389)
Epoch:[1091][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9599 (10.4746)
Epoch:[1091][ 9/18]	Time 1.58 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5541 (10.4825)
Epoch:[1091][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5244 (10.4863)
Epoch:[1091][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0280 (10.4481)
Epoch:[1091][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5176 (10.4535)
Epoch:[1091][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4532 (10.4534)
Epoch:[1091][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2719 (10.4413)
Epoch:[1091][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3865 (10.4379)
Epoch:[1091][16/18]	Time 2.25 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4173 (10.4367)
Epoch:[1091][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6251 (10.4472)
epoch 1091 finished, takes 33.71972441673279 seconds
Epoch:[1092][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3671 (10.3671)
Epoch:[1092][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0311 (10.6991)
Epoch:[1092][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6808 (10.6930)
Epoch:[1092][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9788 (10.7644)
Epoch:[1092][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5412 (10.7198)
Epoch:[1092][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0260 (10.6042)
Epoch:[1092][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2985 (10.5605)
Epoch:[1092][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3258 (10.5312)
Epoch:[1092][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2230 (10.4969)
Epoch:[1092][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0291 (10.4501)
Epoch:[1092][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0565 (10.4143)
Epoch:[1092][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0326 (10.4659)
Epoch:[1092][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0763 (10.4359)
Epoch:[1092][13/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3123 (10.4271)
Epoch:[1092][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9274 (10.3938)
Epoch:[1092][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3513 (10.3911)
Epoch:[1092][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2739 (10.3842)
Epoch:[1092][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6899 (10.4012)
epoch 1092 finished, takes 34.132500886917114 seconds
Epoch:[1093][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2096 (10.2096)
Epoch:[1093][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1525 (10.6811)
Epoch:[1093][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6786 (10.6802)
Epoch:[1093][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6332 (10.6685)
Epoch:[1093][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3733 (10.6095)
Epoch:[1093][ 5/18]	Time 2.17 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5072 (10.5924)
Epoch:[1093][ 6/18]	Time 1.62 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2581 (10.5447)
Epoch:[1093][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0843 (10.4871)
Epoch:[1093][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4836 (10.4867)
Epoch:[1093][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4542 (10.4835)
Epoch:[1093][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4838 (10.4835)
Epoch:[1093][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3622 (10.4734)
Epoch:[1093][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1813 (10.4509)
Epoch:[1093][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1877 (10.4321)
Epoch:[1093][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3107 (10.4240)
Epoch:[1093][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2508 (10.4132)
Epoch:[1093][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5876 (10.4235)
Epoch:[1093][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1494 (10.4082)
epoch 1093 finished, takes 34.16986560821533 seconds
Epoch:[1094][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0668 (10.0668)
Epoch:[1094][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9647 (10.0157)
Epoch:[1094][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9354 (9.9889)
Epoch:[1094][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8524 (10.2048)
Epoch:[1094][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6614 (10.2961)
Epoch:[1094][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1736 (10.4424)
Epoch:[1094][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7943 (10.3498)
Epoch:[1094][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4545 (10.3629)
Epoch:[1094][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6704 (10.3970)
Epoch:[1094][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2839 (10.3857)
Epoch:[1094][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8940 (10.3410)
Epoch:[1094][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3059 (10.3381)
Epoch:[1094][12/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9181 (10.3827)
Epoch:[1094][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4616 (10.3884)
Epoch:[1094][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1197 (10.4371)
Epoch:[1094][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0315 (10.4118)
Epoch:[1094][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3345 (10.4072)
Epoch:[1094][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1299 (10.3918)
epoch 1094 finished, takes 33.5558443069458 seconds
Epoch:[1095][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7644 (10.7644)
Epoch:[1095][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0289 (10.8967)
Epoch:[1095][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0587 (10.6173)
Epoch:[1095][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4179 (10.5675)
Epoch:[1095][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7833 (10.6106)
Epoch:[1095][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3930 (10.5744)
Epoch:[1095][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0214 (10.6382)
Epoch:[1095][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6766 (10.6430)
Epoch:[1095][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1167 (10.5846)
Epoch:[1095][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4283 (10.5689)
Epoch:[1095][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6672 (10.5779)
Epoch:[1095][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2191 (10.5480)
Epoch:[1095][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5067 (10.5448)
Epoch:[1095][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1647 (10.5177)
Epoch:[1095][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0015 (10.4832)
Epoch:[1095][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7016 (10.4969)
Epoch:[1095][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6761 (10.5074)
Epoch:[1095][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9084 (10.4742)
epoch 1095 finished, takes 34.19813942909241 seconds
Epoch:[1096][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5314 (10.5314)
Epoch:[1096][ 1/18]	Time 2.22 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8354 (10.6834)
Epoch:[1096][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6111 (10.3260)
Epoch:[1096][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1835 (10.2904)
Epoch:[1096][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4178 (10.3159)
Epoch:[1096][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2506 (10.3050)
Epoch:[1096][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9700 (10.4000)
Epoch:[1096][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9707 (10.3463)
Epoch:[1096][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1592 (10.3255)
Epoch:[1096][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7419 (10.3672)
Epoch:[1096][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6409 (10.3920)
Epoch:[1096][11/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3432 (10.3880)
Epoch:[1096][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3369 (10.3840)
Epoch:[1096][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3477 (10.3815)
Epoch:[1096][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0156 (10.3571)
Epoch:[1096][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7123 (10.3793)
Epoch:[1096][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7833 (10.4030)
Epoch:[1096][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7436 (10.4220)
epoch 1096 finished, takes 34.31950497627258 seconds
Epoch:[1097][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4165 (10.4165)
Epoch:[1097][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1218 (10.2692)
Epoch:[1097][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1705 (10.2363)
Epoch:[1097][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9590 (10.1670)
Epoch:[1097][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5887 (10.2513)
Epoch:[1097][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2792 (10.2560)
Epoch:[1097][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0407 (10.2252)
Epoch:[1097][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9944 (10.1964)
Epoch:[1097][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4566 (10.2253)
Epoch:[1097][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3781 (10.2406)
Epoch:[1097][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0547 (10.2237)
Epoch:[1097][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4237 (10.2403)
Epoch:[1097][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9548 (10.2953)
Epoch:[1097][13/18]	Time 2.25 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3790 (10.3013)
Epoch:[1097][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3954 (10.3075)
Epoch:[1097][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2138 (10.3017)
Epoch:[1097][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2708 (10.2999)
Epoch:[1097][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0487 (10.2859)
epoch 1097 finished, takes 34.30064010620117 seconds
Epoch:[1098][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3138 (10.3138)
Epoch:[1098][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2025 (10.2582)
Epoch:[1098][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2463 (10.2542)
Epoch:[1098][ 3/18]	Time 1.59 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0990 (10.2154)
Epoch:[1098][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5310 (10.2785)
Epoch:[1098][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2692 (10.2770)
Epoch:[1098][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3196 (10.2831)
Epoch:[1098][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3591 (10.2926)
Epoch:[1098][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2470 (10.2875)
Epoch:[1098][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2168 (10.2804)
Epoch:[1098][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4990 (10.3003)
Epoch:[1098][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1542 (10.2881)
Epoch:[1098][12/18]	Time 1.57 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4026 (10.2969)
Epoch:[1098][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9527 (10.3438)
Epoch:[1098][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2497 (10.3375)
Epoch:[1098][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6679 (10.3582)
Epoch:[1098][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4663 (10.3645)
Epoch:[1098][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5569 (10.3752)
epoch 1098 finished, takes 33.22674226760864 seconds
Epoch:[1099][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7092 (10.7092)
Epoch:[1099][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6197 (10.6645)
Epoch:[1099][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8829 (10.4039)
Epoch:[1099][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3040 (10.3790)
Epoch:[1099][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7775 (10.4587)
Epoch:[1099][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5517 (10.4742)
Epoch:[1099][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7711 (10.5166)
Epoch:[1099][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3678 (10.4980)
Epoch:[1099][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1967 (10.5756)
Epoch:[1099][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4275 (10.5608)
Epoch:[1099][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1648 (10.5248)
Epoch:[1099][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0297 (10.4836)
Epoch:[1099][12/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6268 (10.4946)
Epoch:[1099][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4964 (10.4947)
Epoch:[1099][14/18]	Time 1.59 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5510 (10.4985)
Epoch:[1099][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3379 (10.4884)
Epoch:[1099][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4931 (10.4887)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5990253843945926  precision:  0.636563555064049  f1:  0.5659717322039132 perclass recall:  [0.98573806 0.72025172 0.74411303 0.21157685 0.33344727]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7554312155536358  precision:  0.7723651609592664  f1:  0.7574075754189336 perclass recall:  [0.95071336 0.6375     0.80133929 0.76870748 0.67341772 0.68796069
 0.77456647 0.74924471]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7025247089213723  precision:  0.7125015470992704  f1:  0.6952794249323171 perclass recall:  [0.4301676  0.96195652 0.95968992 0.40267176 0.89242424 0.56823821]
Epoch:[1099][17/18]	Time 13.79 (2.54)	Data 11.87 (0.66)	Loss 10.2995 (10.4782)
epoch 1099 finished, takes 45.78609013557434 seconds
Epoch:[1100][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0988 (10.0988)
Epoch:[1100][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0250 (10.0619)
Epoch:[1100][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5586 (10.2275)
Epoch:[1100][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4016 (10.2710)
Epoch:[1100][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2927 (10.2754)
Epoch:[1100][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4126 (10.2982)
Epoch:[1100][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1876 (10.2824)
Epoch:[1100][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4472 (10.3030)
Epoch:[1100][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1533 (10.2864)
Epoch:[1100][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2440 (10.2822)
Epoch:[1100][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1114 (10.2666)
Epoch:[1100][11/18]	Time 1.59 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6099 (10.2952)
Epoch:[1100][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2998 (10.2956)
Epoch:[1100][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6242 (10.3191)
Epoch:[1100][14/18]	Time 2.16 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3716 (10.3226)
Epoch:[1100][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4595 (10.3311)
Epoch:[1100][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1011 (10.3176)
Epoch:[1100][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0939 (10.3052)
epoch 1100 finished, takes 33.21409058570862 seconds
Epoch:[1101][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2781 (11.2781)
Epoch:[1101][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3626 (10.8203)
Epoch:[1101][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8770 (10.5059)
Epoch:[1101][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5476 (10.5163)
Epoch:[1101][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8657 (10.3862)
Epoch:[1101][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9227 (10.4756)
Epoch:[1101][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1988 (10.4361)
Epoch:[1101][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0777 (10.3913)
Epoch:[1101][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6974 (10.4253)
Epoch:[1101][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8016 (10.4629)
Epoch:[1101][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3383 (10.4516)
Epoch:[1101][11/18]	Time 2.15 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6490 (10.4681)
Epoch:[1101][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4514 (10.4668)
Epoch:[1101][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0156 (10.5060)
Epoch:[1101][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0732 (10.4771)
Epoch:[1101][15/18]	Time 2.22 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3846 (10.4713)
Epoch:[1101][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3565 (10.4646)
Epoch:[1101][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1975 (10.4497)
epoch 1101 finished, takes 34.77085614204407 seconds
Epoch:[1102][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3116 (10.3116)
Epoch:[1102][ 1/18]	Time 1.58 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4607 (10.3862)
Epoch:[1102][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4030 (10.3918)
Epoch:[1102][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5278 (10.4258)
Epoch:[1102][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2654 (10.3937)
Epoch:[1102][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4159 (10.3974)
Epoch:[1102][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0213 (10.3437)
Epoch:[1102][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1564 (10.3203)
Epoch:[1102][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2532 (10.3128)
Epoch:[1102][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6581 (10.3473)
Epoch:[1102][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9666 (10.3127)
Epoch:[1102][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6106 (10.3375)
Epoch:[1102][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7531 (10.3695)
Epoch:[1102][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2152 (10.3585)
Epoch:[1102][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5194 (10.3692)
Epoch:[1102][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8658 (10.3378)
Epoch:[1102][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6768 (10.3577)
Epoch:[1102][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0391 (10.3400)
epoch 1102 finished, takes 33.55060911178589 seconds
Epoch:[1103][ 0/18]	Time 2.29 (2.29)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3350 (10.3350)
Epoch:[1103][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7613 (10.5482)
Epoch:[1103][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0760 (10.3908)
Epoch:[1103][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3072 (10.3699)
Epoch:[1103][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2864 (10.3532)
Epoch:[1103][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0681 (10.3057)
Epoch:[1103][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5763 (10.3443)
Epoch:[1103][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8007 (10.4014)
Epoch:[1103][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0487 (10.3622)
Epoch:[1103][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2673 (10.3527)
Epoch:[1103][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8285 (10.3960)
Epoch:[1103][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4054 (10.3967)
Epoch:[1103][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2288 (10.3838)
Epoch:[1103][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1355 (10.3661)
Epoch:[1103][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4117 (10.3691)
Epoch:[1103][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4493 (10.3741)
Epoch:[1103][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4754 (10.3801)
Epoch:[1103][17/18]	Time 1.59 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1423 (10.3669)
epoch 1103 finished, takes 33.62495255470276 seconds
Epoch:[1104][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7892 (10.7892)
Epoch:[1104][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2006 (10.4949)
Epoch:[1104][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4371 (10.1423)
Epoch:[1104][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8519 (10.3197)
Epoch:[1104][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9107 (10.4379)
Epoch:[1104][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3809 (10.4284)
Epoch:[1104][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8186 (10.3413)
Epoch:[1104][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1452 (10.3168)
Epoch:[1104][ 8/18]	Time 1.56 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4666 (10.3334)
Epoch:[1104][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2555 (10.3256)
Epoch:[1104][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7790 (10.2759)
Epoch:[1104][11/18]	Time 1.59 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0146 (10.2542)
Epoch:[1104][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9122 (10.2278)
Epoch:[1104][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9473 (10.2792)
Epoch:[1104][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5832 (10.2995)
Epoch:[1104][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4202 (10.3070)
Epoch:[1104][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6118 (10.3250)
Epoch:[1104][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5355 (10.3367)
epoch 1104 finished, takes 33.4901807308197 seconds
Epoch:[1105][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7720 (10.7720)
Epoch:[1105][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0961 (10.4340)
Epoch:[1105][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3149 (10.3943)
Epoch:[1105][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6483 (10.4578)
Epoch:[1105][ 4/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2923 (10.4247)
Epoch:[1105][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1852 (10.3848)
Epoch:[1105][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4738 (10.3975)
Epoch:[1105][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2903 (10.3841)
Epoch:[1105][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1340 (10.3563)
Epoch:[1105][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0497 (10.3256)
Epoch:[1105][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9758 (10.2938)
Epoch:[1105][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6417 (10.2395)
Epoch:[1105][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7968 (10.2824)
Epoch:[1105][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5043 (10.2982)
Epoch:[1105][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0176 (10.2795)
Epoch:[1105][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6917 (10.3053)
Epoch:[1105][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4485 (10.3137)
Epoch:[1105][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5074 (10.3245)
epoch 1105 finished, takes 33.35829210281372 seconds
Epoch:[1106][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3630 (10.3630)
Epoch:[1106][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2472 (10.3051)
Epoch:[1106][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1447 (10.2517)
Epoch:[1106][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3255 (10.2701)
Epoch:[1106][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1496 (10.2460)
Epoch:[1106][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3272 (10.2596)
Epoch:[1106][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8922 (10.2071)
Epoch:[1106][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1008 (10.1938)
Epoch:[1106][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7230 (10.2526)
Epoch:[1106][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4706 (10.2744)
Epoch:[1106][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8103 (10.3231)
Epoch:[1106][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3147 (10.3224)
Epoch:[1106][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3439 (10.3241)
Epoch:[1106][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9774 (10.3707)
Epoch:[1106][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4821 (10.3782)
Epoch:[1106][15/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1594 (10.3645)
Epoch:[1106][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3943 (10.3662)
Epoch:[1106][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3849 (10.3673)
epoch 1106 finished, takes 33.51087212562561 seconds
Epoch:[1107][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6620 (10.6620)
Epoch:[1107][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6933 (10.6776)
Epoch:[1107][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0986 (10.4846)
Epoch:[1107][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3896 (10.4608)
Epoch:[1107][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3064 (10.4300)
Epoch:[1107][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2061 (10.3927)
Epoch:[1107][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5595 (10.4165)
Epoch:[1107][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5067 (10.4278)
Epoch:[1107][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0414 (10.3848)
Epoch:[1107][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5757 (10.4039)
Epoch:[1107][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4759 (10.4105)
Epoch:[1107][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8263 (10.4451)
Epoch:[1107][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0416 (10.4141)
Epoch:[1107][13/18]	Time 2.34 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4602 (10.4174)
Epoch:[1107][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5915 (10.4290)
Epoch:[1107][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4399 (10.4297)
Epoch:[1107][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1884 (10.4155)
Epoch:[1107][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8000 (10.4368)
epoch 1107 finished, takes 33.57317900657654 seconds
Epoch:[1108][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4682 (10.4682)
Epoch:[1108][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3792 (10.4237)
Epoch:[1108][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4962 (10.4479)
Epoch:[1108][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5673 (10.4777)
Epoch:[1108][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6767 (10.5175)
Epoch:[1108][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2062 (10.4656)
Epoch:[1108][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1197 (10.4162)
Epoch:[1108][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6126 (10.4408)
Epoch:[1108][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9793 (10.3895)
Epoch:[1108][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7974 (10.4303)
Epoch:[1108][10/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1835 (10.4988)
Epoch:[1108][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4241 (10.4925)
Epoch:[1108][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1564 (10.4667)
Epoch:[1108][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6502 (10.4798)
Epoch:[1108][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1305 (10.5232)
Epoch:[1108][15/18]	Time 2.20 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7512 (10.5374)
Epoch:[1108][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1452 (10.5732)
Epoch:[1108][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1662 (10.5506)
epoch 1108 finished, takes 34.12622094154358 seconds
Epoch:[1109][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0760 (10.0760)
Epoch:[1109][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6096 (10.3428)
Epoch:[1109][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7666 (10.1507)
Epoch:[1109][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9679 (10.1050)
Epoch:[1109][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3373 (10.1515)
Epoch:[1109][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5911 (10.2248)
Epoch:[1109][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2891 (10.2340)
Epoch:[1109][ 7/18]	Time 2.28 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6749 (10.2891)
Epoch:[1109][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2348 (10.2830)
Epoch:[1109][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4936 (10.3041)
Epoch:[1109][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6108 (10.2411)
Epoch:[1109][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7447 (10.2830)
Epoch:[1109][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0288 (10.3404)
Epoch:[1109][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8037 (10.3735)
Epoch:[1109][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6546 (10.3922)
Epoch:[1109][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2104 (10.3809)
Epoch:[1109][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4224 (10.3833)
Epoch:[1109][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9322 (10.3582)
epoch 1109 finished, takes 33.91789698600769 seconds
Epoch:[1110][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7930 (9.7930)
Epoch:[1110][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1134 (9.9532)
Epoch:[1110][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3566 (10.0877)
Epoch:[1110][ 3/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3955 (10.1646)
Epoch:[1110][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9957 (10.1309)
Epoch:[1110][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1887 (10.1405)
Epoch:[1110][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5359 (10.1970)
Epoch:[1110][ 7/18]	Time 2.09 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8493 (10.2785)
Epoch:[1110][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1417 (10.2633)
Epoch:[1110][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7072 (10.3077)
Epoch:[1110][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1581 (10.2941)
Epoch:[1110][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0347 (10.2725)
Epoch:[1110][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1734 (10.2649)
Epoch:[1110][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1252 (10.2549)
Epoch:[1110][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0242 (10.2395)
Epoch:[1110][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2184 (10.2382)
Epoch:[1110][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9200 (10.2783)
Epoch:[1110][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5328 (10.2924)
epoch 1110 finished, takes 34.23615574836731 seconds
Epoch:[1111][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0392 (11.0392)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5953378104456051  precision:  0.6307017792748044  f1:  0.5611645423697648 perclass recall:  [0.98645115 0.70923913 0.74372057 0.21357285 0.32370535]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7517417652612539  precision:  0.7701573550109034  f1:  0.7547831385067485 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.61041667 0.80357143 0.76417234 0.6835443  0.66830467
 0.77842004 0.75025176]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7055667390707893  precision:  0.7077230662700327  f1:  0.6954137914656542 perclass recall:  [0.43296089 0.96263587 0.95348837 0.42366412 0.90606061 0.55459057]
Epoch:[1111][ 1/18]	Time 12.80 (7.33)	Data 10.54 (5.27)	Loss 10.3504 (10.6948)
Epoch:[1111][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (5.50)	Data 0.00 (3.52)	Loss 11.0373 (10.8090)
Epoch:[1111][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (4.58)	Data 0.00 (2.64)	Loss 10.2168 (10.6609)
Epoch:[1111][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (3.98)	Data 0.00 (2.11)	Loss 9.6716 (10.4631)
Epoch:[1111][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (3.59)	Data 0.00 (1.76)	Loss 10.8723 (10.5313)
Epoch:[1111][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (3.34)	Data 0.00 (1.51)	Loss 10.0347 (10.4603)
Epoch:[1111][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (3.16)	Data 0.00 (1.32)	Loss 10.6114 (10.4792)
Epoch:[1111][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (3.03)	Data 0.00 (1.17)	Loss 10.3207 (10.4616)
Epoch:[1111][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (2.89)	Data 0.00 (1.06)	Loss 10.4814 (10.4636)
Epoch:[1111][10/18]	Time 1.93 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 10.3399 (10.4523)
Epoch:[1111][11/18]	Time 2.01 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 10.6727 (10.4707)
Epoch:[1111][12/18]	Time 2.05 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 10.7877 (10.4951)
Epoch:[1111][13/18]	Time 2.07 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 10.4415 (10.4913)
Epoch:[1111][14/18]	Time 1.83 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 10.4103 (10.4859)
Epoch:[1111][15/18]	Time 1.90 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 10.0258 (10.4571)
Epoch:[1111][16/18]	Time 2.16 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 10.5641 (10.4634)
Epoch:[1111][17/18]	Time 1.76 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 10.2418 (10.4511)
epoch 1111 finished, takes 44.640525817871094 seconds
Epoch:[1112][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3538 (10.3538)
Epoch:[1112][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9211 (10.1375)
Epoch:[1112][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9384 (10.0711)
Epoch:[1112][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6283 (10.2104)
Epoch:[1112][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6220 (10.2927)
Epoch:[1112][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9801 (10.2406)
Epoch:[1112][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6873 (10.3044)
Epoch:[1112][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8170 (10.3685)
Epoch:[1112][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0502 (10.3332)
Epoch:[1112][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6660 (10.2664)
Epoch:[1112][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3795 (10.2767)
Epoch:[1112][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7619 (10.2338)
Epoch:[1112][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3055 (10.2393)
Epoch:[1112][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7262 (10.2741)
Epoch:[1112][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6286 (10.2977)
Epoch:[1112][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7124 (10.3237)
Epoch:[1112][16/18]	Time 1.58 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3790 (10.3269)
Epoch:[1112][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3991 (10.3309)
epoch 1112 finished, takes 33.146995306015015 seconds
Epoch:[1113][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4434 (10.4434)
Epoch:[1113][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3521 (10.3978)
Epoch:[1113][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5813 (10.4589)
Epoch:[1113][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4519 (10.4572)
Epoch:[1113][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2498 (10.4157)
Epoch:[1113][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5138 (10.4321)
Epoch:[1113][ 6/18]	Time 2.29 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7157 (10.4726)
Epoch:[1113][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0767 (10.4231)
Epoch:[1113][ 8/18]	Time 1.65 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1198 (10.3894)
Epoch:[1113][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4895 (10.3994)
Epoch:[1113][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1915 (10.3805)
Epoch:[1113][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1941 (10.3650)
Epoch:[1113][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2537 (10.3564)
Epoch:[1113][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8462 (10.3914)
Epoch:[1113][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0302 (10.3673)
Epoch:[1113][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7376 (10.3905)
Epoch:[1113][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6057 (10.4031)
Epoch:[1113][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6192 (10.4151)
epoch 1113 finished, takes 34.03460764884949 seconds
Epoch:[1114][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7494 (9.7494)
Epoch:[1114][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2684 (10.0089)
Epoch:[1114][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5974 (10.2051)
Epoch:[1114][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2534 (10.2171)
Epoch:[1114][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1016 (10.1940)
Epoch:[1114][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0053 (10.1626)
Epoch:[1114][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2167 (10.1703)
Epoch:[1114][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8485 (10.2551)
Epoch:[1114][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2205 (10.2512)
Epoch:[1114][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0542 (10.2315)
Epoch:[1114][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3980 (10.2467)
Epoch:[1114][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0007 (10.2262)
Epoch:[1114][12/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1836 (10.2229)
Epoch:[1114][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7909 (10.2635)
Epoch:[1114][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3634 (10.2701)
Epoch:[1114][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9955 (10.2530)
Epoch:[1114][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0848 (10.2431)
Epoch:[1114][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4772 (10.2005)
epoch 1114 finished, takes 32.7832407951355 seconds
Epoch:[1115][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5134 (10.5134)
Epoch:[1115][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1368 (10.3251)
Epoch:[1115][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2523 (10.3009)
Epoch:[1115][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5223 (10.3562)
Epoch:[1115][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0519 (10.2954)
Epoch:[1115][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3772 (10.3090)
Epoch:[1115][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5055 (10.3371)
Epoch:[1115][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3775 (10.3421)
Epoch:[1115][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0692 (10.3118)
Epoch:[1115][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4973 (10.3303)
Epoch:[1115][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8583 (10.3783)
Epoch:[1115][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4880 (10.3875)
Epoch:[1115][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5730 (10.4018)
Epoch:[1115][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2396 (10.3902)
Epoch:[1115][14/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6407 (10.4069)
Epoch:[1115][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5372 (10.4150)
Epoch:[1115][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5672 (10.4240)
Epoch:[1115][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3733 (10.4211)
epoch 1115 finished, takes 33.868125915527344 seconds
Epoch:[1116][ 0/18]	Time 2.16 (2.16)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5524 (10.5524)
Epoch:[1116][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2032 (10.3778)
Epoch:[1116][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7442 (10.4999)
Epoch:[1116][ 3/18]	Time 1.53 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3897 (10.4724)
Epoch:[1116][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5569 (10.4893)
Epoch:[1116][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2569 (10.4505)
Epoch:[1116][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5228 (10.4609)
Epoch:[1116][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7071 (10.3666)
Epoch:[1116][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8810 (10.4238)
Epoch:[1116][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5676 (10.4382)
Epoch:[1116][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3234 (10.4277)
Epoch:[1116][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1765 (10.4068)
Epoch:[1116][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6181 (10.3461)
Epoch:[1116][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9752 (10.3911)
Epoch:[1116][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9115 (10.3591)
Epoch:[1116][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3118 (10.3561)
Epoch:[1116][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7486 (10.3792)
Epoch:[1116][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5701 (10.3898)
epoch 1116 finished, takes 33.83259916305542 seconds
Epoch:[1117][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6575 (10.6575)
Epoch:[1117][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1847 (10.4211)
Epoch:[1117][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0677 (10.3033)
Epoch:[1117][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1062 (10.2540)
Epoch:[1117][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8127 (10.1658)
Epoch:[1117][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5366 (10.2276)
Epoch:[1117][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6065 (10.2817)
Epoch:[1117][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9499 (10.3652)
Epoch:[1117][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3039 (10.3584)
Epoch:[1117][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8836 (10.3109)
Epoch:[1117][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4149 (10.3204)
Epoch:[1117][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9148 (10.2866)
Epoch:[1117][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4286 (10.2975)
Epoch:[1117][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5504 (10.3156)
Epoch:[1117][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5037 (10.3281)
Epoch:[1117][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2990 (10.3263)
Epoch:[1117][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1158 (10.3139)
Epoch:[1117][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4677 (10.3225)
epoch 1117 finished, takes 33.97996783256531 seconds
Epoch:[1118][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8045 (9.8045)
Epoch:[1118][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0418 (9.9232)
Epoch:[1118][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4443 (10.0969)
Epoch:[1118][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4044 (10.1738)
Epoch:[1118][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9669 (10.3324)
Epoch:[1118][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5982 (10.3767)
Epoch:[1118][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0674 (10.3325)
Epoch:[1118][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2512 (10.3223)
Epoch:[1118][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1967 (10.3084)
Epoch:[1118][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5161 (10.3291)
Epoch:[1118][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3809 (10.3338)
Epoch:[1118][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5816 (10.3545)
Epoch:[1118][12/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6987 (10.3810)
Epoch:[1118][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3108 (10.3760)
Epoch:[1118][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9468 (10.3473)
Epoch:[1118][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9310 (10.3213)
Epoch:[1118][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1113 (10.3090)
Epoch:[1118][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3786 (10.3128)
epoch 1118 finished, takes 33.82272505760193 seconds
Epoch:[1119][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2492 (10.2492)
Epoch:[1119][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4602 (10.3547)
Epoch:[1119][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1015 (10.2703)
Epoch:[1119][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4008 (10.3029)
Epoch:[1119][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2792 (10.2982)
Epoch:[1119][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6551 (10.3577)
Epoch:[1119][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6394 (10.3979)
Epoch:[1119][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2302 (10.3770)
Epoch:[1119][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8255 (10.4268)
Epoch:[1119][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6116 (10.4453)
Epoch:[1119][10/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3789 (10.4392)
Epoch:[1119][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6533 (10.4571)
Epoch:[1119][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2322 (10.4398)
Epoch:[1119][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1153 (10.4166)
Epoch:[1119][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6411 (10.4316)
Epoch:[1119][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9532 (10.4017)
Epoch:[1119][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1800 (10.3886)
Epoch:[1119][17/18]	Time 2.24 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5841 (10.3995)
epoch 1119 finished, takes 33.58075261116028 seconds
Epoch:[1120][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9535 (9.9535)
Epoch:[1120][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1993 (10.0764)
Epoch:[1120][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0282 (10.3937)
Epoch:[1120][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0212 (10.3006)
Epoch:[1120][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7314 (10.3867)
Epoch:[1120][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4272 (10.3935)
Epoch:[1120][ 6/18]	Time 2.27 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6011 (10.4231)
Epoch:[1120][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1073 (10.3837)
Epoch:[1120][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8703 (10.4377)
Epoch:[1120][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9016 (10.3841)
Epoch:[1120][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2249 (10.3697)
Epoch:[1120][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0611 (10.3439)
Epoch:[1120][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7985 (10.3789)
Epoch:[1120][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1231 (10.3606)
Epoch:[1120][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4994 (10.3032)
Epoch:[1120][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7102 (10.3287)
Epoch:[1120][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3044 (10.3272)
Epoch:[1120][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7330 (10.3498)
epoch 1120 finished, takes 33.30212426185608 seconds
Epoch:[1121][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0664 (10.0664)
Epoch:[1121][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0684 (10.0674)
Epoch:[1121][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4662 (10.2003)
Epoch:[1121][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9750 (10.1440)
Epoch:[1121][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4764 (10.2105)
Epoch:[1121][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6804 (10.2888)
Epoch:[1121][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3627 (10.2994)
Epoch:[1121][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1916 (10.2859)
Epoch:[1121][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8313 (10.3465)
Epoch:[1121][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0638 (10.4182)
Epoch:[1121][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0583 (10.3855)
Epoch:[1121][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0194 (10.3550)
Epoch:[1121][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8868 (10.3959)
Epoch:[1121][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5891 (10.4097)
Epoch:[1121][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4991 (10.4157)
Epoch:[1121][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7065 (10.4338)
Epoch:[1121][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3953 (10.4316)
Epoch:[1121][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3743 (10.4284)
epoch 1121 finished, takes 33.712971448898315 seconds
Epoch:[1122][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4777 (10.4777)
Epoch:[1122][ 1/18]	Time 1.61 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9983 (10.2380)
Epoch:[1122][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1099 (10.1953)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6358427123913323  precision:  0.6607160971728182  f1:  0.6054148849884091 perclass recall:  [0.98431186 0.70952517 0.74411303 0.21656687 0.52469663]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7530792313786794  precision:  0.7698725818286258  f1:  0.7567628597972618 perclass recall:  [0.95654994 0.63958333 0.79464286 0.78231293 0.67341772 0.63636364
 0.77842004 0.7633434 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7078354551548288  precision:  0.7097155829070428  f1:  0.6978583160977018 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96467391 0.9627907  0.42175573 0.9        0.55645161]
Epoch:[1122][ 3/18]	Time 12.71 (4.48)	Data 10.52 (2.63)	Loss 10.4705 (10.2641)
Epoch:[1122][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (3.95)	Data 0.00 (2.10)	Loss 9.9252 (10.1963)
Epoch:[1122][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (3.59)	Data 0.00 (1.75)	Loss 10.6245 (10.2677)
Epoch:[1122][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (3.33)	Data 0.00 (1.50)	Loss 10.2058 (10.2588)
Epoch:[1122][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (3.17)	Data 0.00 (1.32)	Loss 10.4665 (10.2848)
Epoch:[1122][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (3.04)	Data 0.00 (1.17)	Loss 10.5667 (10.3161)
Epoch:[1122][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 10.3076 (10.3153)
Epoch:[1122][10/18]	Time 1.68 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 10.3658 (10.3199)
Epoch:[1122][11/18]	Time 1.80 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 10.4335 (10.3293)
Epoch:[1122][12/18]	Time 1.75 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 10.4036 (10.3350)
Epoch:[1122][13/18]	Time 1.89 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 10.4809 (10.3455)
Epoch:[1122][14/18]	Time 1.91 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 11.2420 (10.4052)
Epoch:[1122][15/18]	Time 1.81 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 10.3440 (10.4014)
Epoch:[1122][16/18]	Time 1.89 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 10.5805 (10.4119)
Epoch:[1122][17/18]	Time 1.92 (2.43)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 10.0942 (10.3943)
epoch 1122 finished, takes 43.70270586013794 seconds
Epoch:[1123][ 0/18]	Time 2.27 (2.27)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4453 (10.4453)
Epoch:[1123][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4291 (10.4372)
Epoch:[1123][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9198 (10.5981)
Epoch:[1123][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2714 (10.5164)
Epoch:[1123][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2735 (10.4678)
Epoch:[1123][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7111 (10.5084)
Epoch:[1123][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5422 (10.5132)
Epoch:[1123][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7774 (10.5462)
Epoch:[1123][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6748 (10.5605)
Epoch:[1123][ 9/18]	Time 1.63 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4155 (10.5460)
Epoch:[1123][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2992 (10.5236)
Epoch:[1123][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8146 (10.4645)
Epoch:[1123][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0741 (10.4345)
Epoch:[1123][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7707 (10.3871)
Epoch:[1123][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7977 (10.3478)
Epoch:[1123][15/18]	Time 2.19 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4855 (10.3564)
Epoch:[1123][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6745 (10.3751)
Epoch:[1123][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4563 (10.3796)
epoch 1123 finished, takes 34.26356887817383 seconds
Epoch:[1124][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2665 (10.2665)
Epoch:[1124][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0394 (10.1529)
Epoch:[1124][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1988 (10.1682)
Epoch:[1124][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1757 (10.1701)
Epoch:[1124][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7712 (10.2903)
Epoch:[1124][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6691 (10.3535)
Epoch:[1124][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5972 (10.3883)
Epoch:[1124][ 7/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2319 (10.3687)
Epoch:[1124][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0189 (10.3299)
Epoch:[1124][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8080 (10.2777)
Epoch:[1124][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1695 (10.2678)
Epoch:[1124][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4660 (10.2844)
Epoch:[1124][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8527 (10.3281)
Epoch:[1124][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3378 (10.3288)
Epoch:[1124][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5685 (10.3448)
Epoch:[1124][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5245 (10.3560)
Epoch:[1124][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5522 (10.3675)
Epoch:[1124][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3566 (10.3669)
epoch 1124 finished, takes 34.312357902526855 seconds
Epoch:[1125][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2253 (10.2253)
Epoch:[1125][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3375 (10.2814)
Epoch:[1125][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9838 (10.1822)
Epoch:[1125][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4184 (10.2413)
Epoch:[1125][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6954 (10.3321)
Epoch:[1125][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9687 (10.4382)
Epoch:[1125][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3608 (10.4271)
Epoch:[1125][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3370 (10.4159)
Epoch:[1125][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9959 (10.3692)
Epoch:[1125][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1630 (10.3486)
Epoch:[1125][10/18]	Time 1.60 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8104 (10.2996)
Epoch:[1125][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4015 (10.3081)
Epoch:[1125][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9833 (10.2831)
Epoch:[1125][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3149 (10.2854)
Epoch:[1125][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4459 (10.2961)
Epoch:[1125][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4683 (10.3069)
Epoch:[1125][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7981 (10.3358)
Epoch:[1125][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0413 (10.3194)
epoch 1125 finished, takes 33.55108022689819 seconds
Epoch:[1126][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0244 (10.0244)
Epoch:[1126][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6724 (10.3484)
Epoch:[1126][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1873 (10.2947)
Epoch:[1126][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1570 (10.5103)
Epoch:[1126][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7639 (10.3610)
Epoch:[1126][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5854 (10.3984)
Epoch:[1126][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2378 (10.3755)
Epoch:[1126][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3704 (10.3748)
Epoch:[1126][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4109 (10.3788)
Epoch:[1126][ 9/18]	Time 1.54 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0424 (10.3452)
Epoch:[1126][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0896 (10.3220)
Epoch:[1126][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7456 (10.3573)
Epoch:[1126][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2338 (10.3478)
Epoch:[1126][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5836 (10.3646)
Epoch:[1126][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2495 (10.3569)
Epoch:[1126][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5603 (10.3696)
Epoch:[1126][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1900 (10.3591)
Epoch:[1126][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5301 (10.3686)
epoch 1126 finished, takes 33.62414264678955 seconds
Epoch:[1127][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1775 (10.1775)
Epoch:[1127][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3800 (10.2788)
Epoch:[1127][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2555 (10.2710)
Epoch:[1127][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4866 (10.3249)
Epoch:[1127][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4605 (10.3520)
Epoch:[1127][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6513 (10.4019)
Epoch:[1127][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6644 (10.4394)
Epoch:[1127][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5123 (10.4485)
Epoch:[1127][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6984 (10.3652)
Epoch:[1127][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5706 (10.3857)
Epoch:[1127][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0887 (10.3587)
Epoch:[1127][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4126 (10.3632)
Epoch:[1127][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1694 (10.3483)
Epoch:[1127][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3181 (10.3461)
Epoch:[1127][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6272 (10.3649)
Epoch:[1127][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5868 (10.3787)
Epoch:[1127][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4821 (10.3848)
Epoch:[1127][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1178 (10.3700)
epoch 1127 finished, takes 33.1560595035553 seconds
Epoch:[1128][ 0/18]	Time 2.25 (2.25)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0173 (10.0173)
Epoch:[1128][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4099 (10.2136)
Epoch:[1128][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1693 (10.1988)
Epoch:[1128][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7696 (10.0915)
Epoch:[1128][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7385 (10.2209)
Epoch:[1128][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0052 (10.1850)
Epoch:[1128][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4408 (10.2215)
Epoch:[1128][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6974 (10.2810)
Epoch:[1128][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5534 (10.3113)
Epoch:[1128][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2109 (10.3012)
Epoch:[1128][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0610 (10.2794)
Epoch:[1128][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9302 (10.2503)
Epoch:[1128][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5946 (10.2768)
Epoch:[1128][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5206 (10.2942)
Epoch:[1128][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4820 (10.3067)
Epoch:[1128][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7473 (10.3342)
Epoch:[1128][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2893 (10.3316)
Epoch:[1128][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4422 (10.3378)
epoch 1128 finished, takes 33.63679337501526 seconds
Epoch:[1129][ 0/18]	Time 1.68 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0458 (10.0458)
Epoch:[1129][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5907 (10.3183)
Epoch:[1129][ 2/18]	Time 2.19 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6019 (10.4128)
Epoch:[1129][ 3/18]	Time 1.63 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6977 (10.4840)
Epoch:[1129][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6295 (10.5131)
Epoch:[1129][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6572 (10.5372)
Epoch:[1129][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8726 (10.4422)
Epoch:[1129][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3763 (10.4340)
Epoch:[1129][ 8/18]	Time 1.63 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0916 (10.3959)
Epoch:[1129][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2582 (10.3822)
Epoch:[1129][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2749 (10.3724)
Epoch:[1129][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4041 (10.3751)
Epoch:[1129][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4229 (10.3787)
Epoch:[1129][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2599 (10.3703)
Epoch:[1129][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1983 (10.3588)
Epoch:[1129][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1213 (10.3439)
Epoch:[1129][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2124 (10.3362)
Epoch:[1129][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8746 (10.3661)
epoch 1129 finished, takes 33.11566233634949 seconds
Epoch:[1130][ 0/18]	Time 1.61 (1.61)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3911 (10.3911)
Epoch:[1130][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3979 (10.3945)
Epoch:[1130][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8363 (10.5418)
Epoch:[1130][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2465 (10.4679)
Epoch:[1130][ 4/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3644 (10.4472)
Epoch:[1130][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3652 (10.4336)
Epoch:[1130][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7609 (10.3375)
Epoch:[1130][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1688 (10.3164)
Epoch:[1130][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8760 (10.3786)
Epoch:[1130][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4919 (10.3899)
Epoch:[1130][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7994 (10.3362)
Epoch:[1130][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1861 (10.3237)
Epoch:[1130][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6683 (10.2733)
Epoch:[1130][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6084 (10.2972)
Epoch:[1130][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4902 (10.3101)
Epoch:[1130][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5000 (10.3220)
Epoch:[1130][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4644 (10.3304)
Epoch:[1130][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0378 (10.3141)
epoch 1130 finished, takes 34.134345293045044 seconds
Epoch:[1131][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6242 (10.6242)
Epoch:[1131][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9545 (10.2893)
Epoch:[1131][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4524 (10.3437)
Epoch:[1131][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6972 (10.4321)
Epoch:[1131][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8613 (10.3179)
Epoch:[1131][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2591 (10.3081)
Epoch:[1131][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3330 (10.3117)
Epoch:[1131][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2198 (10.3002)
Epoch:[1131][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4478 (10.3166)
Epoch:[1131][ 9/18]	Time 2.21 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6248 (10.3474)
Epoch:[1131][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0366 (10.3191)
Epoch:[1131][11/18]	Time 2.27 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4735 (10.3320)
Epoch:[1131][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2232 (10.3236)
Epoch:[1131][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4321 (10.3314)
Epoch:[1131][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1733 (10.3208)
Epoch:[1131][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3545 (10.3230)
Epoch:[1131][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1170 (10.3108)
Epoch:[1131][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6377 (10.3290)
epoch 1131 finished, takes 34.60105800628662 seconds
Epoch:[1132][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6385 (10.6385)
Epoch:[1132][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2325 (10.4355)
Epoch:[1132][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9513 (10.6074)
Epoch:[1132][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6162 (10.6096)
Epoch:[1132][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0072 (10.4891)
Epoch:[1132][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0829 (10.4214)
Epoch:[1132][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8546 (10.3404)
Epoch:[1132][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9711 (10.2943)
Epoch:[1132][ 8/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8080 (10.3514)
Epoch:[1132][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0299 (10.3192)
Epoch:[1132][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9305 (10.2839)
Epoch:[1132][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5619 (10.3070)
Epoch:[1132][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3036 (10.3068)
Epoch:[1132][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1087 (10.2926)
Epoch:[1132][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6054 (10.3135)
Epoch:[1132][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1378 (10.3025)
Epoch:[1132][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7229 (10.3272)
Epoch:[1132][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2736 (10.3243)
epoch 1132 finished, takes 33.444151163101196 seconds
Epoch:[1133][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9688 (9.9688)
Epoch:[1133][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4410 (10.2049)
Epoch:[1133][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5025 (10.3041)
Epoch:[1133][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6083 (10.3801)
Epoch:[1133][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5103 (10.4062)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6363746942005767  precision:  0.6633756308328935  f1:  0.6066010037643357 perclass recall:  [0.98431186 0.71381579 0.74489796 0.21739854 0.52144932]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7542675694031711  precision:  0.7660197355191336  f1:  0.7547429917181491 perclass recall:  [0.94876783 0.65625    0.796875   0.72108844 0.72911392 0.66830467
 0.77456647 0.73917422]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7062593010640591  precision:  0.7069300117063461  f1:  0.6962230683684449 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96535326 0.96124031 0.41984733 0.89393939 0.55024814]
Epoch:[1133][ 5/18]	Time 13.16 (3.76)	Data 11.04 (1.84)	Loss 10.4075 (10.4064)
Epoch:[1133][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (3.51)	Data 0.00 (1.58)	Loss 10.3142 (10.3932)
Epoch:[1133][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (3.32)	Data 0.00 (1.38)	Loss 10.3954 (10.3935)
Epoch:[1133][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (3.14)	Data 0.00 (1.23)	Loss 9.7319 (10.3200)
Epoch:[1133][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (3.00)	Data 0.00 (1.11)	Loss 10.1952 (10.3075)
Epoch:[1133][10/18]	Time 2.17 (2.92)	Data 0.00 (1.00)	Loss 9.9687 (10.2767)
Epoch:[1133][11/18]	Time 1.95 (2.84)	Data 0.00 (0.92)	Loss 10.5299 (10.2978)
Epoch:[1133][12/18]	Time 1.89 (2.77)	Data 0.00 (0.85)	Loss 10.2953 (10.2976)
Epoch:[1133][13/18]	Time 1.75 (2.70)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 10.4982 (10.3119)
Epoch:[1133][14/18]	Time 1.65 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 10.4905 (10.3239)
Epoch:[1133][15/18]	Time 1.97 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.7124 (10.3481)
Epoch:[1133][16/18]	Time 1.94 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.3710 (10.3495)
Epoch:[1133][17/18]	Time 1.84 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.3029 (10.3469)
epoch 1133 finished, takes 45.176867723464966 seconds
Epoch:[1134][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7011 (10.7011)
Epoch:[1134][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2339 (10.4675)
Epoch:[1134][ 2/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3941 (10.4430)
Epoch:[1134][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3281 (10.4143)
Epoch:[1134][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2971 (10.3908)
Epoch:[1134][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5399 (10.4157)
Epoch:[1134][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4463 (10.4201)
Epoch:[1134][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9684 (10.3636)
Epoch:[1134][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4218 (10.3701)
Epoch:[1134][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8434 (10.4174)
Epoch:[1134][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1459 (10.3927)
Epoch:[1134][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4152 (10.3946)
Epoch:[1134][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7007 (10.4181)
Epoch:[1134][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7194 (10.4397)
Epoch:[1134][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0196 (10.4117)
Epoch:[1134][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8978 (10.4420)
Epoch:[1134][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7015 (10.3985)
Epoch:[1134][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4828 (10.4032)
epoch 1134 finished, takes 33.30527138710022 seconds
Epoch:[1135][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7159 (10.7159)
Epoch:[1135][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3316 (10.5237)
Epoch:[1135][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0885 (10.3787)
Epoch:[1135][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4883 (10.4061)
Epoch:[1135][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8878 (10.3024)
Epoch:[1135][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6778 (10.3650)
Epoch:[1135][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4948 (10.3835)
Epoch:[1135][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5311 (10.4020)
Epoch:[1135][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5635 (10.4199)
Epoch:[1135][ 9/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5876 (10.4367)
Epoch:[1135][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3010 (10.4243)
Epoch:[1135][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5267 (10.4329)
Epoch:[1135][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3849 (10.4292)
Epoch:[1135][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1382 (10.4084)
Epoch:[1135][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2838 (10.4001)
Epoch:[1135][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2458 (10.4530)
Epoch:[1135][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2569 (10.4414)
Epoch:[1135][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2607 (10.4314)
epoch 1135 finished, takes 33.98123216629028 seconds
Epoch:[1136][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9687 (9.9687)
Epoch:[1136][ 1/18]	Time 2.17 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5363 (10.2525)
Epoch:[1136][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2402 (10.2484)
Epoch:[1136][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9767 (10.1805)
Epoch:[1136][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2541 (10.1952)
Epoch:[1136][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2332 (10.2015)
Epoch:[1136][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2951 (10.2149)
Epoch:[1136][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3159 (10.2275)
Epoch:[1136][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0807 (10.2112)
Epoch:[1136][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2072 (10.3108)
Epoch:[1136][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1760 (10.2985)
Epoch:[1136][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6902 (10.2479)
Epoch:[1136][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9504 (10.2250)
Epoch:[1136][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5658 (10.2493)
Epoch:[1136][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1817 (10.2448)
Epoch:[1136][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2015 (10.2421)
Epoch:[1136][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4395 (10.2537)
Epoch:[1136][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2454 (10.2533)
epoch 1136 finished, takes 33.734123945236206 seconds
Epoch:[1137][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6833 (10.6833)
Epoch:[1137][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9355 (10.3094)
Epoch:[1137][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7498 (10.1228)
Epoch:[1137][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1243 (10.1232)
Epoch:[1137][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2588 (10.1503)
Epoch:[1137][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8659 (10.2696)
Epoch:[1137][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6644 (10.3260)
Epoch:[1137][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4200 (10.3377)
Epoch:[1137][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3393 (10.3379)
Epoch:[1137][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1622 (10.3203)
Epoch:[1137][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4038 (10.3279)
Epoch:[1137][11/18]	Time 2.33 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6839 (10.3576)
Epoch:[1137][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7608 (10.3886)
Epoch:[1137][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5376 (10.3993)
Epoch:[1137][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9513 (10.3694)
Epoch:[1137][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5178 (10.3787)
Epoch:[1137][16/18]	Time 1.62 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8976 (10.3504)
Epoch:[1137][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6341 (10.3661)
epoch 1137 finished, takes 34.13763165473938 seconds
Epoch:[1138][ 0/18]	Time 2.13 (2.13)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0415 (10.0415)
Epoch:[1138][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0481 (10.0448)
Epoch:[1138][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2262 (10.1053)
Epoch:[1138][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9276 (10.3108)
Epoch:[1138][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0161 (10.2519)
Epoch:[1138][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1795 (10.2398)
Epoch:[1138][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1105 (10.2214)
Epoch:[1138][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2823 (10.2290)
Epoch:[1138][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9460 (10.3086)
Epoch:[1138][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9638 (10.2742)
Epoch:[1138][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8023 (10.2313)
Epoch:[1138][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3241 (10.2390)
Epoch:[1138][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3760 (10.2495)
Epoch:[1138][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0988 (10.2388)
Epoch:[1138][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5963 (10.1959)
Epoch:[1138][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4435 (10.2114)
Epoch:[1138][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3886 (10.2218)
Epoch:[1138][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9816 (10.2085)
epoch 1138 finished, takes 33.943461418151855 seconds
Epoch:[1139][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5785 (10.5785)
Epoch:[1139][ 1/18]	Time 2.34 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6619 (10.6202)
Epoch:[1139][ 2/18]	Time 2.14 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3801 (10.5401)
Epoch:[1139][ 3/18]	Time 1.55 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8148 (10.3588)
Epoch:[1139][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2981 (10.3467)
Epoch:[1139][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1663 (10.3166)
Epoch:[1139][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1601 (10.2943)
Epoch:[1139][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3609 (10.3026)
Epoch:[1139][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0883 (10.2788)
Epoch:[1139][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5209 (10.3030)
Epoch:[1139][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2601 (10.2991)
Epoch:[1139][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2232 (10.2928)
Epoch:[1139][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9731 (10.2682)
Epoch:[1139][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2635 (10.2678)
Epoch:[1139][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5123 (10.2841)
Epoch:[1139][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3300 (10.2870)
Epoch:[1139][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5978 (10.3053)
Epoch:[1139][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9763 (10.2870)
epoch 1139 finished, takes 34.946754932403564 seconds
Epoch:[1140][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8921 (10.8921)
Epoch:[1140][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0140 (10.4531)
Epoch:[1140][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6075 (10.5046)
Epoch:[1140][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2517 (10.4413)
Epoch:[1140][ 4/18]	Time 2.23 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4145 (10.4360)
Epoch:[1140][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2101 (10.3983)
Epoch:[1140][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1553 (10.3636)
Epoch:[1140][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0238 (10.4461)
Epoch:[1140][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1333 (10.4114)
Epoch:[1140][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8247 (10.3527)
Epoch:[1140][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4775 (10.3641)
Epoch:[1140][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1548 (10.3466)
Epoch:[1140][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8778 (10.3875)
Epoch:[1140][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1075 (10.3675)
Epoch:[1140][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6706 (10.3877)
Epoch:[1140][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2452 (10.3788)
Epoch:[1140][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7421 (10.4002)
Epoch:[1140][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3723 (10.3986)
epoch 1140 finished, takes 33.57553672790527 seconds
Epoch:[1141][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3323 (10.3323)
Epoch:[1141][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9260 (10.1292)
Epoch:[1141][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5052 (10.2545)
Epoch:[1141][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6117 (10.3438)
Epoch:[1141][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0354 (10.2821)
Epoch:[1141][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2232 (10.2723)
Epoch:[1141][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2101 (10.2634)
Epoch:[1141][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4128 (10.2821)
Epoch:[1141][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8785 (10.2372)
Epoch:[1141][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5904 (10.2726)
Epoch:[1141][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7337 (10.3145)
Epoch:[1141][11/18]	Time 2.31 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5506 (10.3342)
Epoch:[1141][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4177 (10.3406)
Epoch:[1141][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3540 (10.3415)
Epoch:[1141][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2830 (10.3376)
Epoch:[1141][15/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3022 (10.3354)
Epoch:[1141][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3150 (10.3342)
Epoch:[1141][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2835 (10.3314)
epoch 1141 finished, takes 34.35033345222473 seconds
Epoch:[1142][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4887 (10.4887)
Epoch:[1142][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5125 (10.5006)
Epoch:[1142][ 2/18]	Time 1.63 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3470 (10.4494)
Epoch:[1142][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9107 (10.3147)
Epoch:[1142][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3293 (10.3176)
Epoch:[1142][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1641 (10.2920)
Epoch:[1142][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0056 (10.2511)
Epoch:[1142][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2060 (10.2455)
Epoch:[1142][ 8/18]	Time 2.43 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2053 (10.2410)
Epoch:[1142][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6815 (10.2851)
Epoch:[1142][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2220 (10.2793)
Epoch:[1142][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1895 (10.2718)
Epoch:[1142][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0778 (10.3338)
Epoch:[1142][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0883 (10.3163)
Epoch:[1142][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3728 (10.3201)
Epoch:[1142][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8110 (10.2882)
Epoch:[1142][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0299 (10.2730)
Epoch:[1142][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5054 (10.2860)
epoch 1142 finished, takes 34.42399263381958 seconds
Epoch:[1143][ 0/18]	Time 2.13 (2.13)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1148 (10.1148)
Epoch:[1143][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2909 (10.2028)
Epoch:[1143][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1774 (10.1944)
Epoch:[1143][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9336 (10.1292)
Epoch:[1143][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2558 (10.1545)
Epoch:[1143][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5971 (10.2283)
Epoch:[1143][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4511 (10.2601)
Epoch:[1143][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1399 (10.3701)
Epoch:[1143][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1348 (10.3439)
Epoch:[1143][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0161 (10.3111)
Epoch:[1143][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4471 (10.3235)
Epoch:[1143][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4498 (10.3340)
Epoch:[1143][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3526 (10.3355)
Epoch:[1143][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7021 (10.3616)
Epoch:[1143][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0600 (10.3415)
Epoch:[1143][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9021 (10.3141)
Epoch:[1143][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8514 (10.2869)
Epoch:[1143][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7473 (10.3124)
epoch 1143 finished, takes 33.93710231781006 seconds
Epoch:[1144][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3606 (10.3606)
Epoch:[1144][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7179 (10.0392)
Epoch:[1144][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8988 (9.9924)
Epoch:[1144][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6296 (10.1517)
Epoch:[1144][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0820 (10.1378)
Epoch:[1144][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7475 (10.2394)
Epoch:[1144][ 6/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1607 (10.2282)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6381191551496312  precision:  0.6630522893289605  f1:  0.6082128081166391 perclass recall:  [0.98763965 0.71066934 0.74489796 0.21756487 0.52982396]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7532208038087376  precision:  0.7672327328834656  f1:  0.7548225181452136 perclass recall:  [0.95071336 0.65625    0.80357143 0.73922902 0.70886076 0.66093366
 0.76300578 0.74320242]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7082084457027188  precision:  0.7085964256004592  f1:  0.6982015375553491 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96467391 0.9627907  0.41984733 0.89545455 0.55397022]
Epoch:[1144][ 7/18]	Time 12.69 (3.18)	Data 10.52 (1.32)	Loss 10.1573 (10.2193)
Epoch:[1144][ 8/18]	Time 1.60 (3.01)	Data 0.00 (1.17)	Loss 9.9270 (10.1868)
Epoch:[1144][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (2.89)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 10.1536 (10.1835)
Epoch:[1144][10/18]	Time 1.91 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 10.5627 (10.2180)
Epoch:[1144][11/18]	Time 1.66 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 10.5221 (10.2433)
Epoch:[1144][12/18]	Time 1.99 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 10.3299 (10.2500)
Epoch:[1144][13/18]	Time 1.83 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 10.4999 (10.2678)
Epoch:[1144][14/18]	Time 1.84 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 10.1774 (10.2618)
Epoch:[1144][15/18]	Time 1.78 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 10.3730 (10.2687)
Epoch:[1144][16/18]	Time 1.74 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 10.5182 (10.2834)
Epoch:[1144][17/18]	Time 2.00 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 10.4719 (10.2939)
epoch 1144 finished, takes 43.657657861709595 seconds
Epoch:[1145][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2948 (10.2948)
Epoch:[1145][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4128 (10.3538)
Epoch:[1145][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8346 (10.1807)
Epoch:[1145][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9354 (10.1194)
Epoch:[1145][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4443 (10.1844)
Epoch:[1145][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5487 (10.2451)
Epoch:[1145][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4662 (10.2767)
Epoch:[1145][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2562 (10.2741)
Epoch:[1145][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9931 (10.2429)
Epoch:[1145][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9812 (10.2167)
Epoch:[1145][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9379 (10.1914)
Epoch:[1145][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7644 (10.2391)
Epoch:[1145][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2238 (10.2380)
Epoch:[1145][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5733 (10.2619)
Epoch:[1145][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7276 (10.2263)
Epoch:[1145][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5650 (10.2475)
Epoch:[1145][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4262 (10.2580)
Epoch:[1145][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5416 (10.2737)
epoch 1145 finished, takes 33.65143871307373 seconds
Epoch:[1146][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9056 (9.9056)
Epoch:[1146][ 1/18]	Time 2.22 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9546 (9.9301)
Epoch:[1146][ 2/18]	Time 2.15 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1688 (10.0096)
Epoch:[1146][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8034 (9.9581)
Epoch:[1146][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3440 (10.0353)
Epoch:[1146][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8492 (10.0042)
Epoch:[1146][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9325 (9.9940)
Epoch:[1146][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9283 (9.9858)
Epoch:[1146][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9584 (10.0938)
Epoch:[1146][ 9/18]	Time 1.58 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2287 (10.1073)
Epoch:[1146][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3421 (10.1287)
Epoch:[1146][11/18]	Time 2.15 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0705 (10.1238)
Epoch:[1146][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9971 (10.1141)
Epoch:[1146][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4472 (10.1379)
Epoch:[1146][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7528 (10.1122)
Epoch:[1146][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0380 (10.1076)
Epoch:[1146][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2435 (10.1156)
Epoch:[1146][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5874 (10.1418)
epoch 1146 finished, takes 34.24026036262512 seconds
Epoch:[1147][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4096 (10.4096)
Epoch:[1147][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4705 (10.4401)
Epoch:[1147][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3729 (10.4177)
Epoch:[1147][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1362 (10.3473)
Epoch:[1147][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0477 (10.2874)
Epoch:[1147][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0710 (10.2513)
Epoch:[1147][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9441 (10.2074)
Epoch:[1147][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3903 (10.2303)
Epoch:[1147][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2790 (10.2357)
Epoch:[1147][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1852 (10.2307)
Epoch:[1147][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1559 (10.2239)
Epoch:[1147][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6738 (10.1780)
Epoch:[1147][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0250 (10.1663)
Epoch:[1147][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5006 (10.1901)
Epoch:[1147][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1874 (10.1899)
Epoch:[1147][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1474 (10.1873)
Epoch:[1147][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1760 (10.1866)
Epoch:[1147][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4462 (10.2010)
epoch 1147 finished, takes 34.01047444343567 seconds
Epoch:[1148][ 0/18]	Time 2.10 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1726 (10.1726)
Epoch:[1148][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1458 (10.1592)
Epoch:[1148][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3841 (10.2341)
Epoch:[1148][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6013 (10.3259)
Epoch:[1148][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9557 (10.2519)
Epoch:[1148][ 5/18]	Time 2.26 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4153 (10.2791)
Epoch:[1148][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5206 (10.3136)
Epoch:[1148][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1360 (10.2914)
Epoch:[1148][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4394 (10.3079)
Epoch:[1148][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4184 (10.3189)
Epoch:[1148][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2987 (10.3171)
Epoch:[1148][11/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6885 (10.2647)
Epoch:[1148][12/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3803 (10.2736)
Epoch:[1148][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1027 (10.2614)
Epoch:[1148][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0359 (10.2463)
Epoch:[1148][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2814 (10.2485)
Epoch:[1148][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3423 (10.2541)
Epoch:[1148][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3859 (10.2614)
epoch 1148 finished, takes 34.076844215393066 seconds
Epoch:[1149][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2158 (10.2158)
Epoch:[1149][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7918 (10.5038)
Epoch:[1149][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1535 (10.3870)
Epoch:[1149][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6764 (10.2094)
Epoch:[1149][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.4745 (10.4624)
Epoch:[1149][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2000 (10.4187)
Epoch:[1149][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3541 (10.4094)
Epoch:[1149][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7248 (10.3239)
Epoch:[1149][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3061 (10.3219)
Epoch:[1149][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0231 (10.2920)
Epoch:[1149][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9052 (10.2568)
Epoch:[1149][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9393 (10.2304)
Epoch:[1149][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7141 (10.2676)
Epoch:[1149][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3375 (10.2726)
Epoch:[1149][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4112 (10.2818)
Epoch:[1149][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6362 (10.3040)
Epoch:[1149][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3427 (10.3062)
Epoch:[1149][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1726 (10.2988)
epoch 1149 finished, takes 33.3983097076416 seconds
Epoch:[1150][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3319 (10.3319)
Epoch:[1150][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7927 (10.5623)
Epoch:[1150][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1400 (10.4215)
Epoch:[1150][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0820 (10.3367)
Epoch:[1150][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5511 (10.3795)
Epoch:[1150][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4843 (10.2303)
Epoch:[1150][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9437 (10.3322)
Epoch:[1150][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1337 (10.3074)
Epoch:[1150][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0023 (10.2735)
Epoch:[1150][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5819 (10.3044)
Epoch:[1150][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5817 (10.3296)
Epoch:[1150][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2092 (10.3195)
Epoch:[1150][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7184 (10.2733)
Epoch:[1150][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3930 (10.2819)
Epoch:[1150][14/18]	Time 2.23 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4432 (10.2926)
Epoch:[1150][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2086 (10.2874)
Epoch:[1150][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4805 (10.2987)
Epoch:[1150][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4992 (10.3099)
epoch 1150 finished, takes 34.04946041107178 seconds
Epoch:[1151][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3029 (10.3029)
Epoch:[1151][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1504 (10.2266)
Epoch:[1151][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2360 (10.2297)
Epoch:[1151][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0570 (10.4366)
Epoch:[1151][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5285 (10.4549)
Epoch:[1151][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3118 (10.4311)
Epoch:[1151][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4443 (10.4330)
Epoch:[1151][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5796 (10.4513)
Epoch:[1151][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9530 (10.3959)
Epoch:[1151][ 9/18]	Time 1.59 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7768 (10.3340)
Epoch:[1151][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2296 (10.3245)
Epoch:[1151][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2137 (10.3153)
Epoch:[1151][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2996 (10.3141)
Epoch:[1151][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5946 (10.3341)
Epoch:[1151][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7628 (10.3627)
Epoch:[1151][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3437 (10.3615)
Epoch:[1151][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3764 (10.3624)
Epoch:[1151][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2058 (10.3537)
epoch 1151 finished, takes 33.9047167301178 seconds
Epoch:[1152][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0016 (10.0016)
Epoch:[1152][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1963 (10.0989)
Epoch:[1152][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0975 (10.0985)
Epoch:[1152][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5690 (10.2161)
Epoch:[1152][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7999 (10.1329)
Epoch:[1152][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8629 (10.2545)
Epoch:[1152][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8247 (10.1931)
Epoch:[1152][ 7/18]	Time 1.62 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5045 (10.2320)
Epoch:[1152][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6299 (10.1651)
Epoch:[1152][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4885 (10.1975)
Epoch:[1152][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2046 (10.1981)
Epoch:[1152][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2441 (10.2020)
Epoch:[1152][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7908 (10.2472)
Epoch:[1152][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8398 (10.2896)
Epoch:[1152][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2996 (10.2902)
Epoch:[1152][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2881 (10.2901)
Epoch:[1152][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1496 (10.2818)
Epoch:[1152][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7628 (10.2530)
epoch 1152 finished, takes 33.20475912094116 seconds
Epoch:[1153][ 0/18]	Time 2.32 (2.32)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1556 (10.1556)
Epoch:[1153][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2273 (10.1915)
Epoch:[1153][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3019 (10.2283)
Epoch:[1153][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6985 (10.3459)
Epoch:[1153][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2794 (10.3326)
Epoch:[1153][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9687 (10.2719)
Epoch:[1153][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4049 (10.2909)
Epoch:[1153][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2109 (10.2809)
Epoch:[1153][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2927 (10.2822)
Epoch:[1153][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2633 (10.2803)
Epoch:[1153][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1877 (10.2719)
Epoch:[1153][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3295 (10.2767)
Epoch:[1153][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3452 (10.2820)
Epoch:[1153][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5811 (10.3033)
Epoch:[1153][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2445 (10.2994)
Epoch:[1153][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0288 (10.2825)
Epoch:[1153][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5239 (10.2967)
Epoch:[1153][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3848 (10.3016)
epoch 1153 finished, takes 34.021292209625244 seconds
Epoch:[1154][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7003 (10.7003)
Epoch:[1154][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2542 (10.4773)
Epoch:[1154][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2685 (10.4077)
Epoch:[1154][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4066 (10.4074)
Epoch:[1154][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6108 (10.4481)
Epoch:[1154][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0351 (10.3793)
Epoch:[1154][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8635 (10.4484)
Epoch:[1154][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3931 (10.4415)
Epoch:[1154][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2402 (10.4192)
Epoch:[1154][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9305 (10.3703)
Epoch:[1154][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2568 (10.3600)
Epoch:[1154][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4738 (10.3694)
Epoch:[1154][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0159 (10.3422)
Epoch:[1154][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4554 (10.3503)
Epoch:[1154][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6487 (10.3702)
Epoch:[1154][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1776 (10.3582)
Epoch:[1154][16/18]	Time 1.54 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7739 (10.3238)
Epoch:[1154][17/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8528 (10.3532)
epoch 1154 finished, takes 34.04658794403076 seconds
Epoch:[1155][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7282 (9.7282)
Epoch:[1155][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4555 (10.0918)
Epoch:[1155][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9066 (10.0301)
Epoch:[1155][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5592 (10.1624)
Epoch:[1155][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4810 (10.2261)
Epoch:[1155][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9295 (10.3433)
Epoch:[1155][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4629 (10.3604)
Epoch:[1155][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5978 (10.3901)
Epoch:[1155][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5071 (10.2920)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5953720284561477  precision:  0.6351571871316282  f1:  0.5604460007182311 perclass recall:  [0.98763965 0.72540046 0.74489796 0.21606786 0.30285421]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7526798818671618  precision:  0.7716887273748845  f1:  0.7553628955494057 perclass recall:  [0.95136187 0.63125    0.79241071 0.76643991 0.68607595 0.68550369
 0.75915222 0.74924471]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7073311814052827  precision:  0.7123172241999384  f1:  0.6985896823996959 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96467391 0.95968992 0.41221374 0.9        0.56327543]
Epoch:[1155][ 9/18]	Time 12.29 (2.92)	Data 10.31 (1.03)	Loss 10.2019 (10.2830)
Epoch:[1155][10/18]	Time 1.76 (2.82)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 10.5635 (10.3085)
Epoch:[1155][11/18]	Time 1.90 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 10.5164 (10.3258)
Epoch:[1155][12/18]	Time 1.88 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 10.3745 (10.3295)
Epoch:[1155][13/18]	Time 2.00 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 10.5594 (10.3460)
Epoch:[1155][14/18]	Time 2.22 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.7106 (10.3703)
Epoch:[1155][15/18]	Time 1.91 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.2922 (10.3654)
Epoch:[1155][16/18]	Time 1.93 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.3373 (10.3637)
Epoch:[1155][17/18]	Time 1.81 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.8586 (10.3357)
epoch 1155 finished, takes 44.66485953330994 seconds
Epoch:[1156][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7073 (10.7073)
Epoch:[1156][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5299 (10.6186)
Epoch:[1156][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3928 (10.5433)
Epoch:[1156][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2175 (10.4618)
Epoch:[1156][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5069 (10.2709)
Epoch:[1156][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6140 (10.3281)
Epoch:[1156][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0289 (10.2853)
Epoch:[1156][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2992 (10.2871)
Epoch:[1156][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3603 (10.2952)
Epoch:[1156][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6508 (10.3308)
Epoch:[1156][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1460 (10.3140)
Epoch:[1156][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1195 (10.2977)
Epoch:[1156][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6518 (10.3250)
Epoch:[1156][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3000 (10.3232)
Epoch:[1156][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7693 (10.3529)
Epoch:[1156][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1427 (10.3398)
Epoch:[1156][16/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8548 (10.3701)
Epoch:[1156][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7772 (10.3927)
epoch 1156 finished, takes 34.45889735221863 seconds
Epoch:[1157][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8395 (10.8395)
Epoch:[1157][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4338 (10.6366)
Epoch:[1157][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4556 (10.5763)
Epoch:[1157][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3816 (10.5276)
Epoch:[1157][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2917 (10.4804)
Epoch:[1157][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1398 (10.4237)
Epoch:[1157][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5168 (10.4370)
Epoch:[1157][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1869 (10.4057)
Epoch:[1157][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4993 (10.4161)
Epoch:[1157][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3507 (10.4096)
Epoch:[1157][10/18]	Time 2.22 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3674 (10.4057)
Epoch:[1157][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9612 (10.3687)
Epoch:[1157][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0893 (10.3472)
Epoch:[1157][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7428 (10.3040)
Epoch:[1157][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6234 (10.3253)
Epoch:[1157][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1946 (10.3171)
Epoch:[1157][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9947 (10.2982)
Epoch:[1157][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0074 (10.2820)
epoch 1157 finished, takes 33.753010511398315 seconds
Epoch:[1158][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2967 (10.2967)
Epoch:[1158][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3611 (10.3289)
Epoch:[1158][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8191 (10.1589)
Epoch:[1158][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1266 (10.1509)
Epoch:[1158][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2871 (10.1781)
Epoch:[1158][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2239 (10.1857)
Epoch:[1158][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9970 (10.1588)
Epoch:[1158][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8331 (10.1181)
Epoch:[1158][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7036 (10.1831)
Epoch:[1158][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1902 (10.1838)
Epoch:[1158][10/18]	Time 2.23 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6477 (10.2260)
Epoch:[1158][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3093 (10.2329)
Epoch:[1158][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2878 (10.2372)
Epoch:[1158][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6495 (10.2666)
Epoch:[1158][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2107 (10.2629)
Epoch:[1158][15/18]	Time 2.22 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2486 (10.2620)
Epoch:[1158][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5702 (10.2801)
Epoch:[1158][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1069 (10.3260)
epoch 1158 finished, takes 34.560200691223145 seconds
Epoch:[1159][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4221 (10.4221)
Epoch:[1159][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9735 (10.1978)
Epoch:[1159][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2513 (10.2156)
Epoch:[1159][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8776 (10.1311)
Epoch:[1159][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4493 (10.1948)
Epoch:[1159][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4457 (10.2366)
Epoch:[1159][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3801 (10.2571)
Epoch:[1159][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1948 (10.2493)
Epoch:[1159][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6324 (10.1808)
Epoch:[1159][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1756 (10.1802)
Epoch:[1159][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0526 (10.1686)
Epoch:[1159][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0216 (10.1564)
Epoch:[1159][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8270 (10.1310)
Epoch:[1159][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6078 (10.1651)
Epoch:[1159][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0568 (10.1579)
Epoch:[1159][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5141 (10.1801)
Epoch:[1159][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7668 (10.2146)
Epoch:[1159][17/18]	Time 2.19 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9600 (10.2005)
epoch 1159 finished, takes 33.92364048957825 seconds
Epoch:[1160][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2920 (10.2920)
Epoch:[1160][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5394 (10.4157)
Epoch:[1160][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2710 (10.3675)
Epoch:[1160][ 3/18]	Time 1.62 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6644 (10.4417)
Epoch:[1160][ 4/18]	Time 2.27 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1539 (10.3841)
Epoch:[1160][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2001 (10.3535)
Epoch:[1160][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9597 (10.2972)
Epoch:[1160][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6174 (10.3372)
Epoch:[1160][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2733 (10.3301)
Epoch:[1160][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4339 (10.3405)
Epoch:[1160][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0524 (10.3143)
Epoch:[1160][11/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1928 (10.3042)
Epoch:[1160][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9960 (10.2805)
Epoch:[1160][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1461 (10.2709)
Epoch:[1160][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3685 (10.2774)
Epoch:[1160][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3021 (10.2789)
Epoch:[1160][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4504 (10.2890)
Epoch:[1160][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2901 (10.2891)
epoch 1160 finished, takes 33.75871014595032 seconds
Epoch:[1161][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4348 (10.4348)
Epoch:[1161][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6226 (10.5287)
Epoch:[1161][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6848 (10.2474)
Epoch:[1161][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0171 (10.1898)
Epoch:[1161][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4552 (10.2429)
Epoch:[1161][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9197 (10.1890)
Epoch:[1161][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4248 (10.2227)
Epoch:[1161][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7460 (10.2881)
Epoch:[1161][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2319 (10.2819)
Epoch:[1161][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5893 (10.3126)
Epoch:[1161][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1883 (10.3013)
Epoch:[1161][11/18]	Time 2.19 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4127 (10.3106)
Epoch:[1161][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9803 (10.2852)
Epoch:[1161][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7066 (10.3153)
Epoch:[1161][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0248 (10.2959)
Epoch:[1161][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1008 (10.2837)
Epoch:[1161][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2970 (10.2845)
Epoch:[1161][17/18]	Time 1.63 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7257 (10.2535)
epoch 1161 finished, takes 34.3598792552948 seconds
Epoch:[1162][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8425 (10.8425)
Epoch:[1162][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4593 (10.6509)
Epoch:[1162][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8398 (10.3805)
Epoch:[1162][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6528 (10.1986)
Epoch:[1162][ 4/18]	Time 1.61 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1233 (10.1835)
Epoch:[1162][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4455 (10.2272)
Epoch:[1162][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3751 (10.2483)
Epoch:[1162][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1958 (10.2417)
Epoch:[1162][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4923 (10.2696)
Epoch:[1162][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2592 (10.2685)
Epoch:[1162][10/18]	Time 1.59 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5498 (10.2941)
Epoch:[1162][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6594 (10.3246)
Epoch:[1162][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4590 (10.3349)
Epoch:[1162][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7932 (10.2962)
Epoch:[1162][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6935 (10.3227)
Epoch:[1162][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3243 (10.3228)
Epoch:[1162][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3926 (10.3269)
Epoch:[1162][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7931 (10.2972)
epoch 1162 finished, takes 33.48097515106201 seconds
Epoch:[1163][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7430 (9.7430)
Epoch:[1163][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6086 (10.1758)
Epoch:[1163][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8324 (10.0613)
Epoch:[1163][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9206 (10.0261)
Epoch:[1163][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1009 (10.0411)
Epoch:[1163][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6435 (10.1415)
Epoch:[1163][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9135 (10.2518)
Epoch:[1163][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3650 (10.2659)
Epoch:[1163][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4032 (10.2812)
Epoch:[1163][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6383 (10.2169)
Epoch:[1163][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3857 (10.2322)
Epoch:[1163][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2810 (10.2363)
Epoch:[1163][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0969 (10.2256)
Epoch:[1163][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0969 (10.2164)
Epoch:[1163][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2574 (10.2191)
Epoch:[1163][15/18]	Time 2.28 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1707 (10.2161)
Epoch:[1163][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0044 (10.2036)
Epoch:[1163][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8406 (10.1835)
epoch 1163 finished, takes 33.292165756225586 seconds
Epoch:[1164][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2538 (10.2538)
Epoch:[1164][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3665 (10.3101)
Epoch:[1164][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3553 (10.3252)
Epoch:[1164][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3921 (10.3419)
Epoch:[1164][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8093 (10.4354)
Epoch:[1164][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0518 (10.3715)
Epoch:[1164][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7059 (10.4192)
Epoch:[1164][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5783 (10.4391)
Epoch:[1164][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1382 (10.4057)
Epoch:[1164][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3884 (10.4040)
Epoch:[1164][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7584 (10.4362)
Epoch:[1164][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4075 (10.4338)
Epoch:[1164][12/18]	Time 2.25 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8380 (10.3880)
Epoch:[1164][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6413 (10.4061)
Epoch:[1164][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3350 (10.4013)
Epoch:[1164][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1876 (10.3880)
Epoch:[1164][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6606 (10.4040)
Epoch:[1164][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6565 (10.4180)
epoch 1164 finished, takes 34.26893925666809 seconds
Epoch:[1165][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3112 (10.3112)
Epoch:[1165][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6096 (10.4604)
Epoch:[1165][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4403 (10.4537)
Epoch:[1165][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0688 (10.3575)
Epoch:[1165][ 4/18]	Time 2.19 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2900 (10.3440)
Epoch:[1165][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9477 (10.4446)
Epoch:[1165][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7032 (10.4815)
Epoch:[1165][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3477 (10.4648)
Epoch:[1165][ 8/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5284 (10.4719)
Epoch:[1165][ 9/18]	Time 2.33 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1847 (10.4432)
Epoch:[1165][10/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1977 (10.4209)
Epoch:[1165][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1331 (10.3969)
Epoch:[1165][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3240 (10.3913)
Epoch:[1165][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5917 (10.4056)
Epoch:[1165][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2496 (10.3952)
Epoch:[1165][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8318 (10.3600)
Epoch:[1165][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2435 (10.3531)
Epoch:[1165][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2188 (10.3457)
epoch 1165 finished, takes 33.702531814575195 seconds
Epoch:[1166][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8004 (10.8004)
Epoch:[1166][ 1/18]	Time 2.18 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1254 (10.4629)
Epoch:[1166][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4183 (10.4481)
Epoch:[1166][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1564 (10.3751)
Epoch:[1166][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5351 (10.4071)
Epoch:[1166][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4953 (10.4218)
Epoch:[1166][ 6/18]	Time 2.20 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0060 (10.3624)
Epoch:[1166][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2068 (10.3430)
Epoch:[1166][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3441 (10.3431)
Epoch:[1166][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5696 (10.3657)
Epoch:[1166][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3106 (10.3607)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6260235512284413  precision:  0.6590736617834796  f1:  0.5952716930666713 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.72797483 0.74489796 0.21689953 0.45223039]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7530206716606933  precision:  0.7706205176180314  f1:  0.7543015214997124 perclass recall:  [0.9539559  0.625      0.78125    0.73015873 0.72658228 0.71007371
 0.76300578 0.73413897]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7094489141064634  precision:  0.711579924973056  f1:  0.698811083355975 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96603261 0.9627907  0.41412214 0.90757576 0.55645161]
Epoch:[1166][11/18]	Time 12.94 (2.81)	Data 10.96 (0.91)	Loss 10.1776 (10.3455)
Epoch:[1166][12/18]	Time 1.69 (2.72)	Data 0.00 (0.84)	Loss 10.2854 (10.3409)
Epoch:[1166][13/18]	Time 2.02 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.78)	Loss 10.1788 (10.3293)
Epoch:[1166][14/18]	Time 1.75 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.73)	Loss 10.1072 (10.3145)
Epoch:[1166][15/18]	Time 1.66 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.0320 (10.2968)
Epoch:[1166][16/18]	Time 2.03 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.4804 (10.3076)
Epoch:[1166][17/18]	Time 1.94 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.8259 (10.3364)
epoch 1166 finished, takes 44.80050325393677 seconds
Epoch:[1167][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2817 (10.2817)
Epoch:[1167][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1223 (10.2020)
Epoch:[1167][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2783 (10.2275)
Epoch:[1167][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2985 (10.2452)
Epoch:[1167][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3934 (10.2748)
Epoch:[1167][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9823 (10.2261)
Epoch:[1167][ 6/18]	Time 1.62 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9413 (10.1854)
Epoch:[1167][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9458 (10.1554)
Epoch:[1167][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9124 (10.1284)
Epoch:[1167][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1671 (10.1323)
Epoch:[1167][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8749 (10.1998)
Epoch:[1167][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2011 (10.1999)
Epoch:[1167][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7159 (10.2396)
Epoch:[1167][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0230 (10.2241)
Epoch:[1167][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5125 (10.2434)
Epoch:[1167][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1499 (10.2375)
Epoch:[1167][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0798 (10.2282)
Epoch:[1167][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3135 (10.2330)
epoch 1167 finished, takes 34.1234450340271 seconds
Epoch:[1168][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3807 (10.3807)
Epoch:[1168][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1705 (10.2756)
Epoch:[1168][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3059 (10.2857)
Epoch:[1168][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8334 (10.1727)
Epoch:[1168][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3125 (10.2006)
Epoch:[1168][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1048 (10.1846)
Epoch:[1168][ 6/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2786 (10.1981)
Epoch:[1168][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2523 (10.2048)
Epoch:[1168][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4823 (10.2357)
Epoch:[1168][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0688 (10.2190)
Epoch:[1168][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4080 (10.2362)
Epoch:[1168][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3503 (10.2457)
Epoch:[1168][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6383 (10.2759)
Epoch:[1168][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3781 (10.2832)
Epoch:[1168][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4294 (10.2929)
Epoch:[1168][15/18]	Time 2.22 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3056 (10.2937)
Epoch:[1168][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0938 (10.2820)
Epoch:[1168][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4177 (10.2895)
epoch 1168 finished, takes 34.24697804450989 seconds
Epoch:[1169][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7688 (10.7688)
Epoch:[1169][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4017 (10.5852)
Epoch:[1169][ 2/18]	Time 2.15 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5970 (10.5892)
Epoch:[1169][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0426 (10.4525)
Epoch:[1169][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8260 (10.3272)
Epoch:[1169][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5076 (10.3573)
Epoch:[1169][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3502 (10.3563)
Epoch:[1169][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1759 (10.3337)
Epoch:[1169][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3345 (10.3338)
Epoch:[1169][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1148 (10.3119)
Epoch:[1169][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9931 (10.2829)
Epoch:[1169][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4916 (10.3003)
Epoch:[1169][12/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8956 (10.3461)
Epoch:[1169][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3149 (10.3439)
Epoch:[1169][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3476 (10.3441)
Epoch:[1169][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8344 (10.3748)
Epoch:[1169][16/18]	Time 1.62 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0131 (10.3535)
Epoch:[1169][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4859 (10.3608)
epoch 1169 finished, takes 34.15787887573242 seconds
Epoch:[1170][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2206 (10.2206)
Epoch:[1170][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2860 (10.2533)
Epoch:[1170][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0654 (10.1906)
Epoch:[1170][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0596 (10.1579)
Epoch:[1170][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8737 (10.3011)
Epoch:[1170][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3742 (10.3132)
Epoch:[1170][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9031 (10.2546)
Epoch:[1170][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2383 (10.2526)
Epoch:[1170][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3345 (10.2617)
Epoch:[1170][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4406 (10.2796)
Epoch:[1170][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0501 (10.2587)
Epoch:[1170][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1994 (10.2538)
Epoch:[1170][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2983 (10.2572)
Epoch:[1170][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0829 (10.2448)
Epoch:[1170][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3933 (10.2547)
Epoch:[1170][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7724 (10.2870)
Epoch:[1170][16/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0563 (10.3323)
Epoch:[1170][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3248 (10.3319)
epoch 1170 finished, takes 34.295881509780884 seconds
Epoch:[1171][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5069 (10.5069)
Epoch:[1171][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2673 (10.3871)
Epoch:[1171][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8102 (10.5281)
Epoch:[1171][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2512 (10.4589)
Epoch:[1171][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6455 (10.4962)
Epoch:[1171][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0780 (10.4265)
Epoch:[1171][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7725 (10.3331)
Epoch:[1171][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4557 (10.3484)
Epoch:[1171][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1337 (10.3246)
Epoch:[1171][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8360 (10.3757)
Epoch:[1171][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3871 (10.3767)
Epoch:[1171][11/18]	Time 2.26 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7759 (10.4100)
Epoch:[1171][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9798 (10.3769)
Epoch:[1171][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7075 (10.3291)
Epoch:[1171][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1881 (10.3197)
Epoch:[1171][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3221 (10.3198)
Epoch:[1171][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1224 (10.3082)
Epoch:[1171][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7761 (10.3342)
epoch 1171 finished, takes 34.01645040512085 seconds
Epoch:[1172][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1486 (10.1486)
Epoch:[1172][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3026 (10.2256)
Epoch:[1172][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6978 (10.3830)
Epoch:[1172][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2543 (10.3508)
Epoch:[1172][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7523 (10.4311)
Epoch:[1172][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3605 (10.2527)
Epoch:[1172][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2565 (10.2532)
Epoch:[1172][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6466 (10.1774)
Epoch:[1172][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5726 (10.2213)
Epoch:[1172][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7474 (10.2739)
Epoch:[1172][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9427 (10.2438)
Epoch:[1172][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3858 (10.2557)
Epoch:[1172][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2568 (10.2557)
Epoch:[1172][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1779 (10.2502)
Epoch:[1172][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3210 (10.2549)
Epoch:[1172][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9378 (10.2351)
Epoch:[1172][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7194 (10.2636)
Epoch:[1172][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7706 (10.2917)
epoch 1172 finished, takes 33.93534564971924 seconds
Epoch:[1173][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9543 (9.9543)
Epoch:[1173][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8685 (9.9114)
Epoch:[1173][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9139 (10.2456)
Epoch:[1173][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9083 (10.1612)
Epoch:[1173][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0375 (10.1365)
Epoch:[1173][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5984 (10.2135)
Epoch:[1173][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6166 (10.2711)
Epoch:[1173][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8907 (10.2235)
Epoch:[1173][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3960 (10.2427)
Epoch:[1173][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8329 (10.2017)
Epoch:[1173][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5336 (10.2319)
Epoch:[1173][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9391 (10.2075)
Epoch:[1173][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4386 (10.2253)
Epoch:[1173][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5364 (10.2475)
Epoch:[1173][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1707 (10.2424)
Epoch:[1173][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2336 (10.2418)
Epoch:[1173][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2383 (10.2416)
Epoch:[1173][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4763 (10.2546)
epoch 1173 finished, takes 33.96624684333801 seconds
Epoch:[1174][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1006 (10.1006)
Epoch:[1174][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1710 (10.1358)
Epoch:[1174][ 2/18]	Time 2.14 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2532 (10.1749)
Epoch:[1174][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7875 (10.0781)
Epoch:[1174][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7686 (10.2162)
Epoch:[1174][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1710 (10.2086)
Epoch:[1174][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5046 (10.2509)
Epoch:[1174][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8690 (10.2032)
Epoch:[1174][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8840 (10.2788)
Epoch:[1174][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4402 (10.2950)
Epoch:[1174][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3715 (10.3019)
Epoch:[1174][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0567 (10.2815)
Epoch:[1174][12/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2852 (10.2818)
Epoch:[1174][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5081 (10.2979)
Epoch:[1174][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7956 (10.2645)
Epoch:[1174][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2371 (10.2627)
Epoch:[1174][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6103 (10.2244)
Epoch:[1174][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1914 (10.2225)
epoch 1174 finished, takes 34.449472427368164 seconds
Epoch:[1175][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5580 (10.5580)
Epoch:[1175][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3261 (10.4421)
Epoch:[1175][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0823 (10.6555)
Epoch:[1175][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0707 (10.5093)
Epoch:[1175][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2705 (10.4615)
Epoch:[1175][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6503 (10.4930)
Epoch:[1175][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1780 (10.4480)
Epoch:[1175][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9664 (10.3878)
Epoch:[1175][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8355 (10.3264)
Epoch:[1175][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2088 (10.3147)
Epoch:[1175][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1155 (10.2966)
Epoch:[1175][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1705 (10.2861)
Epoch:[1175][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2772 (10.2854)
Epoch:[1175][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1143 (10.2731)
Epoch:[1175][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0956 (10.2613)
Epoch:[1175][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9979 (10.2448)
Epoch:[1175][16/18]	Time 1.58 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8615 (10.2223)
Epoch:[1175][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3352 (10.2286)
epoch 1175 finished, takes 33.002715826034546 seconds
Epoch:[1176][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4083 (10.4083)
Epoch:[1176][ 1/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5809 (10.4946)
Epoch:[1176][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1595 (10.3829)
Epoch:[1176][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6275 (10.4440)
Epoch:[1176][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7246 (10.5002)
Epoch:[1176][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4436 (10.4907)
Epoch:[1176][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4916 (10.4909)
Epoch:[1176][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2406 (10.4596)
Epoch:[1176][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5710 (10.4719)
Epoch:[1176][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2359 (10.4483)
Epoch:[1176][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4621 (10.4496)
Epoch:[1176][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4753 (10.4517)
Epoch:[1176][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1437 (10.4280)
Epoch:[1176][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5545 (10.4371)
Epoch:[1176][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1083 (10.4152)
Epoch:[1176][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8120 (10.3775)
Epoch:[1176][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5285 (10.3863)
Epoch:[1176][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3482 (10.3842)
epoch 1176 finished, takes 34.450390100479126 seconds
Epoch:[1177][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4846 (10.4846)
Epoch:[1177][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3633 (10.4239)
Epoch:[1177][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2654 (10.3711)
Epoch:[1177][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2327 (10.3365)
Epoch:[1177][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2052 (10.3102)
Epoch:[1177][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5160 (10.3445)
Epoch:[1177][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6170 (10.3834)
Epoch:[1177][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4614 (10.3932)
Epoch:[1177][ 8/18]	Time 2.17 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2570 (10.3781)
Epoch:[1177][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2865 (10.3689)
Epoch:[1177][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6957 (10.3077)
Epoch:[1177][11/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9797 (10.2804)
Epoch:[1177][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3318 (10.2843)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5951171905929076  precision:  0.6367955752213963  f1:  0.5591984175758284 perclass recall:  [0.98454956 0.7354119  0.74568289 0.21324019 0.29670142]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7567651878290772  precision:  0.7715212548407835  f1:  0.7564188775900376 perclass recall:  [0.94941634 0.62916667 0.80580357 0.73922902 0.70886076 0.71990172
 0.77263969 0.72910373]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.707469329959712  precision:  0.7132086640621865  f1:  0.6988050281370057 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96467391 0.96124031 0.40648855 0.89848485 0.56141439]
Epoch:[1177][13/18]	Time 12.65 (2.65)	Data 10.78 (0.77)	Loss 10.1489 (10.2747)
Epoch:[1177][14/18]	Time 1.58 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 9.7260 (10.2381)
Epoch:[1177][15/18]	Time 1.91 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 10.1457 (10.2323)
Epoch:[1177][16/18]	Time 2.21 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 10.5655 (10.2519)
Epoch:[1177][17/18]	Time 1.77 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 10.4035 (10.2603)
epoch 1177 finished, takes 44.53597140312195 seconds
Epoch:[1178][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1914 (10.1914)
Epoch:[1178][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8699 (10.0307)
Epoch:[1178][ 2/18]	Time 1.59 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7723 (9.9445)
Epoch:[1178][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1754 (10.0023)
Epoch:[1178][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1890 (10.0396)
Epoch:[1178][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0891 (10.0478)
Epoch:[1178][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1685 (10.0651)
Epoch:[1178][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8805 (10.0420)
Epoch:[1178][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3496 (10.0762)
Epoch:[1178][ 9/18]	Time 1.61 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4604 (10.0146)
Epoch:[1178][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0574 (10.0185)
Epoch:[1178][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3863 (10.0492)
Epoch:[1178][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7655 (10.0273)
Epoch:[1178][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1137 (10.0335)
Epoch:[1178][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6709 (10.0760)
Epoch:[1178][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2872 (10.0892)
Epoch:[1178][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4202 (10.1087)
Epoch:[1178][17/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3192 (10.1204)
epoch 1178 finished, takes 33.074291467666626 seconds
Epoch:[1179][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8573 (9.8573)
Epoch:[1179][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9472 (9.9022)
Epoch:[1179][ 2/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1756 (9.9933)
Epoch:[1179][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2370 (10.0543)
Epoch:[1179][ 4/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0261 (10.0486)
Epoch:[1179][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2823 (10.0876)
Epoch:[1179][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2903 (10.1165)
Epoch:[1179][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2907 (10.1383)
Epoch:[1179][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3110 (10.1575)
Epoch:[1179][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1888 (10.1606)
Epoch:[1179][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9299 (10.1396)
Epoch:[1179][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7105 (10.1039)
Epoch:[1179][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8597 (10.0851)
Epoch:[1179][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1563 (10.0902)
Epoch:[1179][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7288 (10.1328)
Epoch:[1179][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3818 (10.1483)
Epoch:[1179][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4812 (10.1679)
Epoch:[1179][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1738 (10.1682)
epoch 1179 finished, takes 33.009835720062256 seconds
Epoch:[1180][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0795 (10.0795)
Epoch:[1180][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4336 (10.2566)
Epoch:[1180][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9894 (10.1675)
Epoch:[1180][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7644 (10.3167)
Epoch:[1180][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7876 (10.2109)
Epoch:[1180][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6280 (10.1137)
Epoch:[1180][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7072 (10.1985)
Epoch:[1180][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9312 (10.1651)
Epoch:[1180][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9792 (10.1445)
Epoch:[1180][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8659 (10.1166)
Epoch:[1180][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7661 (10.1756)
Epoch:[1180][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2322 (10.1804)
Epoch:[1180][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5110 (10.2058)
Epoch:[1180][13/18]	Time 1.59 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8596 (10.1811)
Epoch:[1180][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2676 (10.1868)
Epoch:[1180][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2571 (10.1912)
Epoch:[1180][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1064 (10.1862)
Epoch:[1180][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2735 (10.1911)
epoch 1180 finished, takes 33.136863470077515 seconds
Epoch:[1181][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3927 (10.3927)
Epoch:[1181][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9261 (10.1594)
Epoch:[1181][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7549 (10.3579)
Epoch:[1181][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4246 (10.3746)
Epoch:[1181][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9697 (10.2936)
Epoch:[1181][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0992 (10.2612)
Epoch:[1181][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7403 (10.3297)
Epoch:[1181][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0991 (10.3008)
Epoch:[1181][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3261 (10.3036)
Epoch:[1181][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6071 (10.3340)
Epoch:[1181][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2104 (10.3227)
Epoch:[1181][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9856 (10.2947)
Epoch:[1181][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5513 (10.3144)
Epoch:[1181][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2045 (10.3065)
Epoch:[1181][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0576 (10.2899)
Epoch:[1181][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0933 (10.2777)
Epoch:[1181][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3306 (10.2808)
Epoch:[1181][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5494 (10.2957)
epoch 1181 finished, takes 33.42263460159302 seconds
Epoch:[1182][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3324 (10.3324)
Epoch:[1182][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8430 (10.0877)
Epoch:[1182][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9628 (10.0461)
Epoch:[1182][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2979 (10.1090)
Epoch:[1182][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5033 (10.1879)
Epoch:[1182][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6340 (10.2622)
Epoch:[1182][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1417 (10.2450)
Epoch:[1182][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2399 (10.2444)
Epoch:[1182][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9824 (10.2153)
Epoch:[1182][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3257 (10.2263)
Epoch:[1182][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3404 (10.2367)
Epoch:[1182][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3511 (10.2462)
Epoch:[1182][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0058 (10.2277)
Epoch:[1182][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5587 (10.2514)
Epoch:[1182][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2748 (10.2529)
Epoch:[1182][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9478 (10.2339)
Epoch:[1182][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4014 (10.2437)
Epoch:[1182][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6144 (10.2643)
epoch 1182 finished, takes 33.55920362472534 seconds
Epoch:[1183][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2784 (10.2784)
Epoch:[1183][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3450 (10.3117)
Epoch:[1183][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2397 (10.2877)
Epoch:[1183][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7361 (10.3998)
Epoch:[1183][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8934 (10.4985)
Epoch:[1183][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0085 (10.4169)
Epoch:[1183][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3979 (10.4142)
Epoch:[1183][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5011 (10.4250)
Epoch:[1183][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8367 (10.3597)
Epoch:[1183][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1618 (10.3399)
Epoch:[1183][10/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4072 (10.3460)
Epoch:[1183][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3760 (10.3485)
Epoch:[1183][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9249 (10.3159)
Epoch:[1183][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0101 (10.3655)
Epoch:[1183][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5650 (10.3788)
Epoch:[1183][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2854 (10.3730)
Epoch:[1183][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8451 (10.3419)
Epoch:[1183][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5710 (10.3546)
epoch 1183 finished, takes 34.1790828704834 seconds
Epoch:[1184][ 0/18]	Time 1.68 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2616 (10.2616)
Epoch:[1184][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4257 (10.3436)
Epoch:[1184][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4042 (10.3638)
Epoch:[1184][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3028 (10.3486)
Epoch:[1184][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1425 (10.3074)
Epoch:[1184][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9768 (10.2523)
Epoch:[1184][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5547 (10.2955)
Epoch:[1184][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2311 (10.2874)
Epoch:[1184][ 8/18]	Time 1.59 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3935 (10.2992)
Epoch:[1184][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1513 (10.2844)
Epoch:[1184][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2204 (10.2786)
Epoch:[1184][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3635 (10.2857)
Epoch:[1184][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9361 (10.2588)
Epoch:[1184][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4109 (10.2697)
Epoch:[1184][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3962 (10.2781)
Epoch:[1184][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6506 (10.2389)
Epoch:[1184][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4855 (10.2534)
Epoch:[1184][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9958 (10.2391)
epoch 1184 finished, takes 33.555835247039795 seconds
Epoch:[1185][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7926 (10.7926)
Epoch:[1185][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1656 (10.4791)
Epoch:[1185][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5728 (10.5104)
Epoch:[1185][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5512 (10.5206)
Epoch:[1185][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4550 (10.5075)
Epoch:[1185][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1304 (10.4446)
Epoch:[1185][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8808 (10.3641)
Epoch:[1185][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9271 (10.4344)
Epoch:[1185][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3010 (10.3085)
Epoch:[1185][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3149 (10.3092)
Epoch:[1185][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6397 (10.3392)
Epoch:[1185][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9791 (10.3092)
Epoch:[1185][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2334 (10.3034)
Epoch:[1185][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3330 (10.3055)
Epoch:[1185][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6164 (10.3262)
Epoch:[1185][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1668 (10.3162)
Epoch:[1185][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0991 (10.3035)
Epoch:[1185][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3519 (10.3062)
epoch 1185 finished, takes 34.273043394088745 seconds
Epoch:[1186][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8781 (9.8781)
Epoch:[1186][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4699 (10.1740)
Epoch:[1186][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6404 (9.9961)
Epoch:[1186][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3378 (10.0816)
Epoch:[1186][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3099 (10.1272)
Epoch:[1186][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2645 (10.1501)
Epoch:[1186][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3500 (10.1787)
Epoch:[1186][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3849 (10.2044)
Epoch:[1186][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1667 (10.2002)
Epoch:[1186][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0821 (10.1884)
Epoch:[1186][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1843 (10.1881)
Epoch:[1186][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3305 (10.1999)
Epoch:[1186][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2752 (10.2057)
Epoch:[1186][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4060 (10.2200)
Epoch:[1186][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8065 (10.2591)
Epoch:[1186][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9040 (10.2369)
Epoch:[1186][16/18]	Time 2.31 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5434 (10.2550)
Epoch:[1186][17/18]	Time 2.15 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3761 (10.2617)
epoch 1186 finished, takes 34.4422345161438 seconds
Epoch:[1187][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6090 (10.6090)
Epoch:[1187][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9782 (10.2936)
Epoch:[1187][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9338 (10.1737)
Epoch:[1187][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4720 (10.2482)
Epoch:[1187][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4130 (10.2812)
Epoch:[1187][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5374 (10.3239)
Epoch:[1187][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2626 (10.3151)
Epoch:[1187][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1496 (10.2945)
Epoch:[1187][ 8/18]	Time 2.17 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3195 (10.2972)
Epoch:[1187][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1374 (10.2813)
Epoch:[1187][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3776 (10.2900)
Epoch:[1187][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8309 (10.3351)
Epoch:[1187][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3121 (10.3333)
Epoch:[1187][13/18]	Time 2.18 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7327 (10.2904)
Epoch:[1187][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3862 (10.2968)
Epoch:[1187][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8841 (10.2710)
Epoch:[1187][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5977 (10.2314)
Epoch:[1187][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9546 (10.2716)
epoch 1187 finished, takes 33.79256296157837 seconds
Epoch:[1188][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3456 (10.3456)
Epoch:[1188][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0262 (10.1859)
Epoch:[1188][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4888 (9.9536)
Epoch:[1188][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1074 (9.9920)
Epoch:[1188][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1075 (10.0151)
Epoch:[1188][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8968 (9.9954)
Epoch:[1188][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5746 (10.0781)
Epoch:[1188][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9947 (10.0677)
Epoch:[1188][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0899 (10.0702)
Epoch:[1188][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1752 (10.0807)
Epoch:[1188][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1837 (10.0900)
Epoch:[1188][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3426 (10.1111)
Epoch:[1188][12/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9970 (10.1023)
Epoch:[1188][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1344 (10.1760)
Epoch:[1188][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6148 (10.2053)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6280094547451006  precision:  0.659223164906077  f1:  0.5976158127106109 perclass recall:  [0.98431186 0.7249714  0.74568289 0.22105788 0.46402324]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7549426286651284  precision:  0.7704077074191605  f1:  0.7553203915509217 perclass recall:  [0.9539559  0.61875    0.81026786 0.73922902 0.72151899 0.7027027
 0.76300578 0.73011078]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7085614149767686  precision:  0.7129500994341553  f1:  0.6991916031345516 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.9673913  0.95968992 0.42366412 0.89848485 0.55521092]
Epoch:[1188][15/18]	Time 13.19 (2.58)	Data 11.15 (0.70)	Loss 10.0946 (10.1984)
Epoch:[1188][16/18]	Time 1.80 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.9730 (10.1851)
Epoch:[1188][17/18]	Time 2.08 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 10.6435 (10.2106)
epoch 1188 finished, takes 45.13799238204956 seconds
Epoch:[1189][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0538 (10.0538)
Epoch:[1189][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8831 (10.4685)
Epoch:[1189][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6069 (10.5146)
Epoch:[1189][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9227 (10.3666)
Epoch:[1189][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6168 (10.4166)
Epoch:[1189][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0966 (10.3633)
Epoch:[1189][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2076 (10.3411)
Epoch:[1189][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5882 (10.3719)
Epoch:[1189][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6049 (10.3978)
Epoch:[1189][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9554 (10.3536)
Epoch:[1189][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0022 (10.3216)
Epoch:[1189][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9165 (10.2879)
Epoch:[1189][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8002 (10.2504)
Epoch:[1189][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0993 (10.2396)
Epoch:[1189][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1217 (10.2317)
Epoch:[1189][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1677 (10.2277)
Epoch:[1189][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6175 (10.2506)
Epoch:[1189][17/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0971 (10.2421)
epoch 1189 finished, takes 34.09910607337952 seconds
Epoch:[1190][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4209 (10.4209)
Epoch:[1190][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4599 (10.4404)
Epoch:[1190][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4159 (10.4323)
Epoch:[1190][ 3/18]	Time 1.61 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9454 (10.3106)
Epoch:[1190][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9401 (10.2365)
Epoch:[1190][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2268 (10.2348)
Epoch:[1190][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6287 (10.2911)
Epoch:[1190][ 7/18]	Time 1.59 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8892 (10.2409)
Epoch:[1190][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3293 (10.2507)
Epoch:[1190][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0889 (10.2345)
Epoch:[1190][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6901 (10.2759)
Epoch:[1190][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0021 (10.2531)
Epoch:[1190][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9284 (10.2281)
Epoch:[1190][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3106 (10.2340)
Epoch:[1190][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1105 (10.2258)
Epoch:[1190][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2961 (10.2302)
Epoch:[1190][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4328 (10.2421)
Epoch:[1190][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9680 (10.2824)
epoch 1190 finished, takes 34.604328870773315 seconds
Epoch:[1191][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7216 (9.7216)
Epoch:[1191][ 1/18]	Time 2.25 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0772 (9.8994)
Epoch:[1191][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8480 (9.8823)
Epoch:[1191][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4560 (10.0257)
Epoch:[1191][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3993 (10.1004)
Epoch:[1191][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3599 (10.1437)
Epoch:[1191][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2973 (10.1656)
Epoch:[1191][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7305 (10.1112)
Epoch:[1191][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4188 (10.1454)
Epoch:[1191][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6704 (10.1979)
Epoch:[1191][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5628 (10.2311)
Epoch:[1191][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4557 (10.2498)
Epoch:[1191][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5772 (10.2750)
Epoch:[1191][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1063 (10.2629)
Epoch:[1191][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4090 (10.2727)
Epoch:[1191][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4024 (10.2808)
Epoch:[1191][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1688 (10.2742)
Epoch:[1191][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0987 (10.2644)
epoch 1191 finished, takes 34.43213176727295 seconds
Epoch:[1192][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2412 (10.2412)
Epoch:[1192][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7976 (10.0194)
Epoch:[1192][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8429 (9.9605)
Epoch:[1192][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3511 (10.0582)
Epoch:[1192][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0673 (10.0600)
Epoch:[1192][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7496 (10.0083)
Epoch:[1192][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3596 (10.0585)
Epoch:[1192][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7023 (10.0139)
Epoch:[1192][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1587 (10.0300)
Epoch:[1192][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1562 (10.0426)
Epoch:[1192][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7216 (10.1044)
Epoch:[1192][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6712 (10.1516)
Epoch:[1192][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2292 (10.1576)
Epoch:[1192][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6534 (10.1216)
Epoch:[1192][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5173 (10.1479)
Epoch:[1192][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5257 (10.1716)
Epoch:[1192][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0884 (10.1667)
Epoch:[1192][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1560 (10.1661)
epoch 1192 finished, takes 33.892592906951904 seconds
Epoch:[1193][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4979 (10.4979)
Epoch:[1193][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3221 (10.4100)
Epoch:[1193][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4170 (10.4123)
Epoch:[1193][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0847 (10.3304)
Epoch:[1193][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1792 (10.3002)
Epoch:[1193][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1390 (10.2733)
Epoch:[1193][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1703 (10.2586)
Epoch:[1193][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0089 (10.2274)
Epoch:[1193][ 8/18]	Time 1.63 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8882 (10.1897)
Epoch:[1193][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4191 (10.2126)
Epoch:[1193][10/18]	Time 2.29 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3652 (10.2265)
Epoch:[1193][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7927 (10.1904)
Epoch:[1193][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3953 (10.2061)
Epoch:[1193][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9394 (10.1871)
Epoch:[1193][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2881 (10.1938)
Epoch:[1193][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5529 (10.2162)
Epoch:[1193][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1493 (10.2123)
Epoch:[1193][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6952 (10.2391)
epoch 1193 finished, takes 34.090344190597534 seconds
Epoch:[1194][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0296 (10.0296)
Epoch:[1194][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7855 (10.4076)
Epoch:[1194][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2674 (10.3608)
Epoch:[1194][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0705 (10.5383)
Epoch:[1194][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0064 (10.4319)
Epoch:[1194][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3976 (10.4262)
Epoch:[1194][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8031 (10.4800)
Epoch:[1194][ 7/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2286 (10.4486)
Epoch:[1194][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4053 (10.4438)
Epoch:[1194][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8967 (10.3891)
Epoch:[1194][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5716 (10.4057)
Epoch:[1194][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4782 (10.4117)
Epoch:[1194][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4435 (10.4142)
Epoch:[1194][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1365 (10.3943)
Epoch:[1194][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1790 (10.3800)
Epoch:[1194][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5601 (10.3912)
Epoch:[1194][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3350 (10.3879)
Epoch:[1194][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3267 (10.3845)
epoch 1194 finished, takes 35.054287910461426 seconds
Epoch:[1195][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0989 (10.0989)
Epoch:[1195][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3467 (10.2228)
Epoch:[1195][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3761 (10.2739)
Epoch:[1195][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6527 (10.3686)
Epoch:[1195][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9485 (10.2846)
Epoch:[1195][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4945 (10.3196)
Epoch:[1195][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9519 (10.4099)
Epoch:[1195][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0015 (10.3588)
Epoch:[1195][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3248 (10.3551)
Epoch:[1195][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0219 (10.3217)
Epoch:[1195][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1436 (10.3056)
Epoch:[1195][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7929 (10.3462)
Epoch:[1195][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7136 (10.2975)
Epoch:[1195][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0703 (10.2813)
Epoch:[1195][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5775 (10.3010)
Epoch:[1195][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0429 (10.2849)
Epoch:[1195][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0539 (10.2713)
Epoch:[1195][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5265 (10.2855)
epoch 1195 finished, takes 33.990848779678345 seconds
Epoch:[1196][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0156 (10.0156)
Epoch:[1196][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1383 (10.0769)
Epoch:[1196][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4753 (10.2097)
Epoch:[1196][ 3/18]	Time 1.63 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4171 (10.2616)
Epoch:[1196][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1311 (10.2355)
Epoch:[1196][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4527 (10.2717)
Epoch:[1196][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8338 (10.2091)
Epoch:[1196][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3244 (10.2235)
Epoch:[1196][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5384 (10.1474)
Epoch:[1196][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7546 (10.2081)
Epoch:[1196][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4138 (10.2268)
Epoch:[1196][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1646 (10.2216)
Epoch:[1196][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1797 (10.2184)
Epoch:[1196][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9385 (10.1984)
Epoch:[1196][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5861 (10.1576)
Epoch:[1196][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5764 (10.1838)
Epoch:[1196][16/18]	Time 2.22 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1901 (10.1841)
Epoch:[1196][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5364 (10.2037)
epoch 1196 finished, takes 34.35284376144409 seconds
Epoch:[1197][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2490 (10.2490)
Epoch:[1197][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1973 (10.2232)
Epoch:[1197][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9792 (10.1418)
Epoch:[1197][ 3/18]	Time 2.24 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4181 (10.2109)
Epoch:[1197][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3308 (10.2349)
Epoch:[1197][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4535 (10.2713)
Epoch:[1197][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1298 (10.2511)
Epoch:[1197][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3095 (10.2584)
Epoch:[1197][ 8/18]	Time 2.18 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7705 (10.3153)
Epoch:[1197][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8753 (10.2713)
Epoch:[1197][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0695 (10.2529)
Epoch:[1197][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2572 (10.2533)
Epoch:[1197][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3116 (10.2578)
Epoch:[1197][13/18]	Time 2.20 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3970 (10.2677)
Epoch:[1197][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5906 (10.2893)
Epoch:[1197][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1182 (10.2786)
Epoch:[1197][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1797 (10.2728)
Epoch:[1197][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2707 (10.2726)
epoch 1197 finished, takes 34.992977142333984 seconds
Epoch:[1198][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8853 (9.8853)
Epoch:[1198][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2982 (10.0918)
Epoch:[1198][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7492 (9.9776)
Epoch:[1198][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9624 (9.9738)
Epoch:[1198][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5645 (10.0919)
Epoch:[1198][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5678 (10.1712)
Epoch:[1198][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7264 (10.2505)
Epoch:[1198][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6559 (10.3012)
Epoch:[1198][ 8/18]	Time 2.10 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6463 (10.3396)
Epoch:[1198][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2100 (10.3266)
Epoch:[1198][10/18]	Time 2.24 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6953 (10.3601)
Epoch:[1198][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6754 (10.3031)
Epoch:[1198][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9471 (10.2757)
Epoch:[1198][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1261 (10.2650)
Epoch:[1198][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2490 (10.2639)
Epoch:[1198][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3152 (10.2671)
Epoch:[1198][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3749 (10.2735)
Epoch:[1198][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6272 (10.2931)
epoch 1198 finished, takes 34.94149899482727 seconds
Epoch:[1199][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3804 (10.3804)
Epoch:[1199][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2112 (10.2958)
Epoch:[1199][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2141 (10.2686)
Epoch:[1199][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4821 (10.3220)
Epoch:[1199][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0897 (10.2755)
Epoch:[1199][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5083 (10.3143)
Epoch:[1199][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9965 (10.2689)
Epoch:[1199][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2852 (10.2710)
Epoch:[1199][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0925 (10.2511)
Epoch:[1199][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2794 (10.2540)
Epoch:[1199][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9204 (10.2236)
Epoch:[1199][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2660 (10.2272)
Epoch:[1199][12/18]	Time 2.25 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7360 (10.1894)
Epoch:[1199][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0341 (10.1783)
Epoch:[1199][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6049 (10.2067)
Epoch:[1199][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0291 (10.1956)
Epoch:[1199][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2997 (10.2018)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5956238118373006  precision:  0.6363858975581113  f1:  0.560049535186744 perclass recall:  [0.98431186 0.72611556 0.75353218 0.21523619 0.29892326]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7550210014050835  precision:  0.7702042479945628  f1:  0.755794259393146 perclass recall:  [0.95265888 0.63333333 0.80133929 0.75056689 0.70632911 0.6977887
 0.76300578 0.73514602]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7093458266064162  precision:  0.7118771603337445  f1:  0.699344143843973 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96603261 0.96434109 0.41793893 0.89848485 0.55397022]
Epoch:[1199][17/18]	Time 12.56 (2.52)	Data 10.64 (0.59)	Loss 10.2929 (10.2068)
epoch 1199 finished, takes 45.39401054382324 seconds
Epoch:[1200][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5069 (10.5069)
Epoch:[1200][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4702 (10.4885)
Epoch:[1200][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1965 (10.3912)
Epoch:[1200][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3609 (10.3836)
Epoch:[1200][ 4/18]	Time 2.23 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9802 (10.3029)
Epoch:[1200][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3324 (10.3078)
Epoch:[1200][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1156 (10.2804)
Epoch:[1200][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3503 (10.2891)
Epoch:[1200][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9396 (10.3614)
Epoch:[1200][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1676 (10.3420)
Epoch:[1200][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5388 (10.3599)
Epoch:[1200][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2374 (10.3497)
Epoch:[1200][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3455 (10.3494)
Epoch:[1200][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4913 (10.3595)
Epoch:[1200][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6626 (10.3797)
Epoch:[1200][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0158 (10.3570)
Epoch:[1200][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8994 (10.3301)
Epoch:[1200][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1870 (10.3221)
epoch 1200 finished, takes 33.777806758880615 seconds
Epoch:[1201][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4246 (10.4246)
Epoch:[1201][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3997 (10.4122)
Epoch:[1201][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4383 (10.4209)
Epoch:[1201][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0484 (10.3278)
Epoch:[1201][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1828 (10.2988)
Epoch:[1201][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4748 (10.3281)
Epoch:[1201][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6992 (10.3811)
Epoch:[1201][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3905 (10.3823)
Epoch:[1201][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3070 (10.3739)
Epoch:[1201][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6517 (10.4017)
Epoch:[1201][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0429 (10.4600)
Epoch:[1201][11/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4608 (10.4601)
Epoch:[1201][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7523 (10.4056)
Epoch:[1201][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3815 (10.4039)
Epoch:[1201][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0209 (10.3784)
Epoch:[1201][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0706 (10.3591)
Epoch:[1201][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8620 (10.3299)
Epoch:[1201][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8054 (10.3007)
epoch 1201 finished, takes 34.192729473114014 seconds
Epoch:[1202][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7466 (9.7466)
Epoch:[1202][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3171 (10.0318)
Epoch:[1202][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5897 (9.8845)
Epoch:[1202][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0111 (9.9161)
Epoch:[1202][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2725 (9.9874)
Epoch:[1202][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0622 (9.9999)
Epoch:[1202][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9512 (9.9929)
Epoch:[1202][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3764 (10.0408)
Epoch:[1202][ 8/18]	Time 2.16 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3381 (10.0739)
Epoch:[1202][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1030 (10.0768)
Epoch:[1202][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5781 (10.1224)
Epoch:[1202][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3175 (10.1386)
Epoch:[1202][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3390 (10.1540)
Epoch:[1202][13/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7196 (10.1230)
Epoch:[1202][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1747 (10.1264)
Epoch:[1202][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5289 (10.1516)
Epoch:[1202][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4040 (10.1664)
Epoch:[1202][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5216 (10.1862)
epoch 1202 finished, takes 33.277207136154175 seconds
Epoch:[1203][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3213 (10.3213)
Epoch:[1203][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2255 (10.2734)
Epoch:[1203][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8145 (10.4538)
Epoch:[1203][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2235 (10.3962)
Epoch:[1203][ 4/18]	Time 1.58 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3604 (10.3891)
Epoch:[1203][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9237 (10.3115)
Epoch:[1203][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0977 (10.2810)
Epoch:[1203][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0522 (10.2524)
Epoch:[1203][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6335 (10.2947)
Epoch:[1203][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3815 (10.3034)
Epoch:[1203][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3578 (10.3083)
Epoch:[1203][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7036 (10.2579)
Epoch:[1203][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0638 (10.2430)
Epoch:[1203][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8617 (10.2158)
Epoch:[1203][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3243 (10.2230)
Epoch:[1203][15/18]	Time 2.17 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0638 (10.2131)
Epoch:[1203][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2595 (10.2158)
Epoch:[1203][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5270 (10.2331)
epoch 1203 finished, takes 33.51985454559326 seconds
Epoch:[1204][ 0/18]	Time 1.60 (1.60)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1194 (10.1194)
Epoch:[1204][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6909 (10.4052)
Epoch:[1204][ 2/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1912 (10.3339)
Epoch:[1204][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1721 (10.2934)
Epoch:[1204][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1960 (10.2739)
Epoch:[1204][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1013 (10.2452)
Epoch:[1204][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9043 (10.1965)
Epoch:[1204][ 7/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5148 (10.2363)
Epoch:[1204][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0954 (10.2206)
Epoch:[1204][ 9/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8814 (10.1867)
Epoch:[1204][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1368 (10.1821)
Epoch:[1204][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1248 (10.1774)
Epoch:[1204][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8009 (10.1484)
Epoch:[1204][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3056 (10.1596)
Epoch:[1204][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2265 (10.1641)
Epoch:[1204][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1786 (10.1650)
Epoch:[1204][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4617 (10.1825)
Epoch:[1204][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8186 (10.1622)
epoch 1204 finished, takes 33.51655340194702 seconds
Epoch:[1205][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8453 (9.8453)
Epoch:[1205][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1092 (9.9773)
Epoch:[1205][ 2/18]	Time 1.62 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7651 (9.9065)
Epoch:[1205][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9357 (9.9138)
Epoch:[1205][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1717 (9.9654)
Epoch:[1205][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3796 (10.0344)
Epoch:[1205][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8584 (10.1521)
Epoch:[1205][ 7/18]	Time 1.64 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1745 (10.1549)
Epoch:[1205][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6769 (10.2129)
Epoch:[1205][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3884 (10.2305)
Epoch:[1205][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5816 (10.2624)
Epoch:[1205][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5699 (10.2880)
Epoch:[1205][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8628 (10.2553)
Epoch:[1205][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0201 (10.2385)
Epoch:[1205][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3815 (10.2481)
Epoch:[1205][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5185 (10.2650)
Epoch:[1205][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1405 (10.2576)
Epoch:[1205][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1168 (10.2498)
epoch 1205 finished, takes 33.232906341552734 seconds
Epoch:[1206][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1780 (10.1780)
Epoch:[1206][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8704 (10.0242)
Epoch:[1206][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6122 (10.2202)
Epoch:[1206][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1363 (10.1992)
Epoch:[1206][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1135 (10.1821)
Epoch:[1206][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5550 (10.2442)
Epoch:[1206][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0131 (10.2112)
Epoch:[1206][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0358 (10.1893)
Epoch:[1206][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3549 (10.2077)
Epoch:[1206][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3429 (10.2212)
Epoch:[1206][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1042 (10.2106)
Epoch:[1206][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2597 (10.2147)
Epoch:[1206][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1217 (10.2075)
Epoch:[1206][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7587 (10.1754)
Epoch:[1206][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4493 (10.1937)
Epoch:[1206][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1224 (10.1892)
Epoch:[1206][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6233 (10.2148)
Epoch:[1206][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8146 (10.1926)
epoch 1206 finished, takes 33.79968738555908 seconds
Epoch:[1207][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1603 (10.1603)
Epoch:[1207][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4123 (10.2863)
Epoch:[1207][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2069 (10.2598)
Epoch:[1207][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8600 (10.1599)
Epoch:[1207][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7294 (10.2738)
Epoch:[1207][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6903 (10.3432)
Epoch:[1207][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5826 (10.3774)
Epoch:[1207][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1974 (10.3549)
Epoch:[1207][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9653 (10.3116)
Epoch:[1207][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9007 (10.2705)
Epoch:[1207][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2763 (10.2710)
Epoch:[1207][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4865 (10.2890)
Epoch:[1207][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0840 (10.2732)
Epoch:[1207][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3535 (10.2790)
Epoch:[1207][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8479 (10.2502)
Epoch:[1207][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2955 (10.2531)
Epoch:[1207][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7890 (10.2258)
Epoch:[1207][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0870 (10.2181)
epoch 1207 finished, takes 34.21294808387756 seconds
Epoch:[1208][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9219 (9.9219)
Epoch:[1208][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0639 (9.9929)
Epoch:[1208][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3753 (10.1204)
Epoch:[1208][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8092 (10.0426)
Epoch:[1208][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3511 (10.1043)
Epoch:[1208][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2395 (10.1268)
Epoch:[1208][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4426 (10.1719)
Epoch:[1208][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5202 (10.2155)
Epoch:[1208][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0846 (10.2009)
Epoch:[1208][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9347 (10.1743)
Epoch:[1208][10/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4215 (10.1968)
Epoch:[1208][11/18]	Time 1.54 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8910 (10.1713)
Epoch:[1208][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9977 (10.1580)
Epoch:[1208][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7280 (10.1987)
Epoch:[1208][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7587 (10.1693)
Epoch:[1208][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0344 (10.1609)
Epoch:[1208][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1343 (10.1593)
Epoch:[1208][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9395 (10.1471)
epoch 1208 finished, takes 34.1658034324646 seconds
Epoch:[1209][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1355 (10.1355)
Epoch:[1209][ 1/18]	Time 1.61 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0298 (10.0826)
Epoch:[1209][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8872 (10.0175)
Epoch:[1209][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3128 (10.0913)
Epoch:[1209][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0012 (10.0733)
Epoch:[1209][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8144 (10.1968)
Epoch:[1209][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5004 (10.0973)
Epoch:[1209][ 7/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0922 (10.0967)
Epoch:[1209][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7032 (10.0530)
Epoch:[1209][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2459 (10.0723)
Epoch:[1209][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1795 (10.0820)
Epoch:[1209][11/18]	Time 1.62 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7956 (10.0581)
Epoch:[1209][12/18]	Time 2.22 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2898 (10.0760)
Epoch:[1209][13/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4523 (10.1028)
Epoch:[1209][14/18]	Time 1.61 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5243 (10.0643)
Epoch:[1209][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1995 (10.0727)
Epoch:[1209][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6662 (10.1076)
Epoch:[1209][17/18]	Time 2.24 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2876 (10.1176)
epoch 1209 finished, takes 33.94433665275574 seconds
Epoch:[1210][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6744 (10.6744)
Epoch:[1210][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4650 (10.5697)
Epoch:[1210][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6572 (10.5989)
Epoch:[1210][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2945 (10.5228)
Epoch:[1210][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6577 (10.5498)
Epoch:[1210][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7011 (10.5750)
Epoch:[1210][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3822 (10.5474)
Epoch:[1210][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6823 (10.4393)
Epoch:[1210][ 8/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2887 (10.4226)
Epoch:[1210][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8280 (10.3631)
Epoch:[1210][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1212 (10.3411)
Epoch:[1210][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3875 (10.3450)
Epoch:[1210][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7021 (10.2955)
Epoch:[1210][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7353 (10.2555)
Epoch:[1210][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9815 (10.2372)
Epoch:[1210][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4087 (10.2480)
Epoch:[1210][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2880 (10.2503)
Epoch:[1210][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0889 (10.2414)
epoch 1210 finished, takes 33.59087681770325 seconds
Epoch:[1211][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4607 (9.4607)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6233007378924663  precision:  0.651725736272265  f1:  0.5915490013658515 perclass recall:  [0.98526266 0.69894165 0.74607535 0.21057884 0.47564519]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7551934010780973  precision:  0.7710346119235283  f1:  0.7572702932914742 perclass recall:  [0.95460441 0.62291667 0.79241071 0.75283447 0.68860759 0.69287469
 0.78805395 0.74924471]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7047309944892115  precision:  0.7099583065645351  f1:  0.695573717708924 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96331522 0.96124031 0.40076336 0.9        0.558933  ]
Epoch:[1211][ 1/18]	Time 12.56 (7.11)	Data 10.39 (5.20)	Loss 10.0981 (9.7794)
Epoch:[1211][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (5.38)	Data 0.00 (3.47)	Loss 10.2355 (9.9314)
Epoch:[1211][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (4.50)	Data 0.00 (2.60)	Loss 10.1817 (9.9940)
Epoch:[1211][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (3.97)	Data 0.00 (2.08)	Loss 10.0017 (9.9955)
Epoch:[1211][ 5/18]	Time 2.15 (3.67)	Data 0.00 (1.73)	Loss 10.7137 (10.1152)
Epoch:[1211][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (3.43)	Data 0.00 (1.49)	Loss 10.0913 (10.1118)
Epoch:[1211][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (3.23)	Data 0.00 (1.30)	Loss 10.3231 (10.1382)
Epoch:[1211][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (3.09)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 10.4309 (10.1707)
Epoch:[1211][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (2.96)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 10.5710 (10.2108)
Epoch:[1211][10/18]	Time 1.88 (2.86)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 10.4900 (10.2361)
Epoch:[1211][11/18]	Time 2.02 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 10.6860 (10.2736)
Epoch:[1211][12/18]	Time 1.83 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 10.2917 (10.2750)
Epoch:[1211][13/18]	Time 1.92 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 10.2557 (10.2736)
Epoch:[1211][14/18]	Time 1.89 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.2195 (10.2700)
Epoch:[1211][15/18]	Time 1.81 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.0389 (10.2556)
Epoch:[1211][16/18]	Time 2.27 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.3869 (10.2633)
Epoch:[1211][17/18]	Time 1.82 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 10.5747 (10.2806)
epoch 1211 finished, takes 45.00472378730774 seconds
Epoch:[1212][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3971 (10.3971)
Epoch:[1212][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9738 (10.1855)
Epoch:[1212][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7704 (10.3804)
Epoch:[1212][ 3/18]	Time 2.27 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3689 (10.3776)
Epoch:[1212][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5497 (10.4120)
Epoch:[1212][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4243 (10.4140)
Epoch:[1212][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5364 (10.4315)
Epoch:[1212][ 7/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6356 (10.3320)
Epoch:[1212][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1862 (10.3158)
Epoch:[1212][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6000 (10.3442)
Epoch:[1212][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4621 (10.3550)
Epoch:[1212][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2654 (10.3475)
Epoch:[1212][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5864 (10.3659)
Epoch:[1212][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0614 (10.3441)
Epoch:[1212][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0474 (10.3243)
Epoch:[1212][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6098 (10.3422)
Epoch:[1212][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5534 (10.2958)
Epoch:[1212][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6715 (10.3166)
epoch 1212 finished, takes 33.76782536506653 seconds
Epoch:[1213][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1063 (10.1063)
Epoch:[1213][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3958 (10.2510)
Epoch:[1213][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1404 (10.2142)
Epoch:[1213][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0401 (10.1707)
Epoch:[1213][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5656 (10.2496)
Epoch:[1213][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4748 (10.1205)
Epoch:[1213][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2505 (10.1391)
Epoch:[1213][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8987 (10.1090)
Epoch:[1213][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3773 (10.1388)
Epoch:[1213][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0047 (10.1254)
Epoch:[1213][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9353 (10.1081)
Epoch:[1213][11/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5247 (10.1429)
Epoch:[1213][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0341 (10.1345)
Epoch:[1213][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1816 (10.1379)
Epoch:[1213][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3022 (10.1488)
Epoch:[1213][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0367 (10.1418)
Epoch:[1213][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2230 (10.1466)
Epoch:[1213][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7133 (10.1781)
epoch 1213 finished, takes 33.853474378585815 seconds
Epoch:[1214][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4992 (9.4992)
Epoch:[1214][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2061 (9.8526)
Epoch:[1214][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4555 (10.0536)
Epoch:[1214][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5616 (10.1806)
Epoch:[1214][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2074 (10.1860)
Epoch:[1214][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1855 (10.1859)
Epoch:[1214][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6202 (10.1051)
Epoch:[1214][ 7/18]	Time 2.28 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3608 (10.1370)
Epoch:[1214][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7595 (10.0951)
Epoch:[1214][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2228 (10.1078)
Epoch:[1214][10/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0107 (10.0990)
Epoch:[1214][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4493 (10.1282)
Epoch:[1214][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3835 (10.1478)
Epoch:[1214][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9520 (10.1339)
Epoch:[1214][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9927 (10.1244)
Epoch:[1214][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8244 (10.1057)
Epoch:[1214][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6455 (10.1375)
Epoch:[1214][17/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2751 (10.1451)
epoch 1214 finished, takes 34.44848012924194 seconds
Epoch:[1215][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3269 (10.3269)
Epoch:[1215][ 1/18]	Time 1.64 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3728 (9.8499)
Epoch:[1215][ 2/18]	Time 1.52 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0511 (9.9170)
Epoch:[1215][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6571 (10.1020)
Epoch:[1215][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5561 (10.1928)
Epoch:[1215][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2040 (10.1947)
Epoch:[1215][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3797 (10.2211)
Epoch:[1215][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9236 (10.1839)
Epoch:[1215][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0030 (10.1638)
Epoch:[1215][ 9/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2585 (10.1733)
Epoch:[1215][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7836 (10.1379)
Epoch:[1215][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1759 (10.1410)
Epoch:[1215][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0614 (10.1349)
Epoch:[1215][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2127 (10.1405)
Epoch:[1215][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9373 (10.1269)
Epoch:[1215][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9740 (10.1174)
Epoch:[1215][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2193 (10.1234)
Epoch:[1215][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3088 (10.1337)
epoch 1215 finished, takes 33.24583864212036 seconds
Epoch:[1216][ 0/18]	Time 1.56 (1.56)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9207 (9.9207)
Epoch:[1216][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3632 (10.1420)
Epoch:[1216][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1946 (10.1595)
Epoch:[1216][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3166 (10.1988)
Epoch:[1216][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0193 (10.1629)
Epoch:[1216][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1189 (10.1556)
Epoch:[1216][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9493 (10.1261)
Epoch:[1216][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0405 (10.1154)
Epoch:[1216][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1220 (10.1161)
Epoch:[1216][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0981 (10.1143)
Epoch:[1216][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5605 (10.1549)
Epoch:[1216][11/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4494 (10.1794)
Epoch:[1216][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9352 (10.1606)
Epoch:[1216][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4425 (10.1808)
Epoch:[1216][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3648 (10.1930)
Epoch:[1216][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0791 (10.2484)
Epoch:[1216][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7537 (10.2193)
Epoch:[1216][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1335 (10.2146)
epoch 1216 finished, takes 33.76607871055603 seconds
Epoch:[1217][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3576 (10.3576)
Epoch:[1217][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3110 (10.3343)
Epoch:[1217][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4261 (10.3649)
Epoch:[1217][ 3/18]	Time 2.16 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5055 (10.4001)
Epoch:[1217][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8921 (10.2985)
Epoch:[1217][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8033 (10.2159)
Epoch:[1217][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2336 (10.2185)
Epoch:[1217][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7914 (10.1651)
Epoch:[1217][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4184 (10.1932)
Epoch:[1217][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4731 (10.2212)
Epoch:[1217][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4144 (10.2388)
Epoch:[1217][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8553 (10.2068)
Epoch:[1217][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0653 (10.1959)
Epoch:[1217][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6299 (10.2269)
Epoch:[1217][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1145 (10.2194)
Epoch:[1217][15/18]	Time 2.33 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9050 (10.2623)
Epoch:[1217][16/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1005 (10.2528)
Epoch:[1217][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5459 (10.2691)
epoch 1217 finished, takes 34.14505624771118 seconds
Epoch:[1218][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1655 (10.1655)
Epoch:[1218][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5492 (9.8573)
Epoch:[1218][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4693 (10.0613)
Epoch:[1218][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0860 (10.0675)
Epoch:[1218][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6308 (10.1801)
Epoch:[1218][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6340 (10.2558)
Epoch:[1218][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6586 (10.3133)
Epoch:[1218][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2488 (10.3053)
Epoch:[1218][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6720 (10.2349)
Epoch:[1218][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7411 (10.2855)
Epoch:[1218][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8331 (10.2444)
Epoch:[1218][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3274 (10.2513)
Epoch:[1218][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0552 (10.2362)
Epoch:[1218][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1136 (10.2275)
Epoch:[1218][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0300 (10.2143)
Epoch:[1218][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1674 (10.2114)
Epoch:[1218][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0246 (10.2004)
Epoch:[1218][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9300 (10.1854)
epoch 1218 finished, takes 33.89411640167236 seconds
Epoch:[1219][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6014 (10.6014)
Epoch:[1219][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1369 (10.8692)
Epoch:[1219][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0147 (10.5843)
Epoch:[1219][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1635 (10.4791)
Epoch:[1219][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3437 (10.4521)
Epoch:[1219][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1070 (10.3946)
Epoch:[1219][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5495 (10.4167)
Epoch:[1219][ 7/18]	Time 2.23 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0856 (10.3753)
Epoch:[1219][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5508 (10.3948)
Epoch:[1219][ 9/18]	Time 1.63 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9203 (10.3474)
Epoch:[1219][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3546 (10.3480)
Epoch:[1219][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5403 (10.3640)
Epoch:[1219][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5614 (10.3792)
Epoch:[1219][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2228 (10.3681)
Epoch:[1219][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3935 (10.3698)
Epoch:[1219][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9653 (10.3445)
Epoch:[1219][16/18]	Time 1.62 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9674 (10.3223)
Epoch:[1219][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0019 (10.3045)
epoch 1219 finished, takes 34.49541640281677 seconds
Epoch:[1220][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3032 (10.3032)
Epoch:[1220][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3686 (10.3359)
Epoch:[1220][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9829 (10.2182)
Epoch:[1220][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9572 (10.1530)
Epoch:[1220][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9836 (10.1191)
Epoch:[1220][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0689 (10.1107)
Epoch:[1220][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1450 (10.1156)
Epoch:[1220][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1479 (10.1197)
Epoch:[1220][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0596 (10.1130)
Epoch:[1220][ 9/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4631 (10.1480)
Epoch:[1220][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8448 (10.1204)
Epoch:[1220][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3315 (10.1380)
Epoch:[1220][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1460 (10.1386)
Epoch:[1220][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4431 (10.0889)
Epoch:[1220][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6796 (10.1283)
Epoch:[1220][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0747 (10.1250)
Epoch:[1220][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2749 (10.1338)
Epoch:[1220][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7521 (10.1126)
epoch 1220 finished, takes 33.73335146903992 seconds
Epoch:[1221][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3449 (10.3449)
Epoch:[1221][ 1/18]	Time 2.20 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0817 (10.2133)
Epoch:[1221][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1414 (10.1893)
Epoch:[1221][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1623 (10.1826)
Epoch:[1221][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4782 (10.2417)
Epoch:[1221][ 5/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9793 (10.1980)
Epoch:[1221][ 6/18]	Time 2.26 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4836 (10.2388)
Epoch:[1221][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4332 (10.2631)
Epoch:[1221][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1592 (10.2515)
Epoch:[1221][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0684 (10.2332)
Epoch:[1221][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1687 (10.2274)
Epoch:[1221][11/18]	Time 2.27 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2181 (10.2266)
Epoch:[1221][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0249 (10.2111)
Epoch:[1221][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1922 (10.2097)
Epoch:[1221][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8491 (10.2524)
Epoch:[1221][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2141 (10.2500)
Epoch:[1221][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9594 (10.2329)
Epoch:[1221][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1752 (10.2297)
epoch 1221 finished, takes 34.7505247592926 seconds
Epoch:[1222][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3586 (10.3586)
Epoch:[1222][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8416 (10.1001)
Epoch:[1222][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9557 (10.0520)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5962645182491967  precision:  0.6367433042167175  f1:  0.561153289578155 perclass recall:  [0.98550036 0.72683066 0.74489796 0.20825017 0.31584345]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7543003590326143  precision:  0.7730092832598995  f1:  0.7570544826896584 perclass recall:  [0.95201038 0.62916667 0.79241071 0.78231293 0.67088608 0.69041769
 0.76493256 0.75226586]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7034541028281973  precision:  0.710293945956415  f1:  0.6950186100267701 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96467391 0.96124031 0.39694656 0.8969697  0.55955335]
Epoch:[1222][ 3/18]	Time 12.52 (4.51)	Data 10.64 (2.66)	Loss 10.4627 (10.1546)
Epoch:[1222][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (3.98)	Data 0.00 (2.13)	Loss 10.2404 (10.1718)
Epoch:[1222][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (3.59)	Data 0.00 (1.77)	Loss 10.0059 (10.1441)
Epoch:[1222][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (3.35)	Data 0.00 (1.52)	Loss 10.3696 (10.1764)
Epoch:[1222][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (3.18)	Data 0.00 (1.33)	Loss 10.1865 (10.1776)
Epoch:[1222][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (3.03)	Data 0.00 (1.18)	Loss 9.7949 (10.1351)
Epoch:[1222][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (2.91)	Data 0.00 (1.07)	Loss 10.0797 (10.1296)
Epoch:[1222][10/18]	Time 2.05 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.97)	Loss 10.6173 (10.1739)
Epoch:[1222][11/18]	Time 1.74 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.89)	Loss 9.7220 (10.1362)
Epoch:[1222][12/18]	Time 1.93 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 10.0334 (10.1283)
Epoch:[1222][13/18]	Time 2.03 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 9.5789 (10.0891)
Epoch:[1222][14/18]	Time 1.92 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 10.4352 (10.1121)
Epoch:[1222][15/18]	Time 1.97 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 10.8041 (10.1554)
Epoch:[1222][16/18]	Time 1.94 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 10.6969 (10.1872)
Epoch:[1222][17/18]	Time 1.81 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.6558 (10.1577)
epoch 1222 finished, takes 44.43884587287903 seconds
Epoch:[1223][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0941 (10.0941)
Epoch:[1223][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0632 (10.0786)
Epoch:[1223][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3209 (10.1594)
Epoch:[1223][ 3/18]	Time 1.53 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5920 (10.0175)
Epoch:[1223][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2445 (10.0629)
Epoch:[1223][ 5/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5268 (10.1402)
Epoch:[1223][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8515 (10.2419)
Epoch:[1223][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1500 (10.2304)
Epoch:[1223][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6992 (10.1714)
Epoch:[1223][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9589 (10.1501)
Epoch:[1223][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8152 (10.1197)
Epoch:[1223][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4973 (10.1511)
Epoch:[1223][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8321 (10.1266)
Epoch:[1223][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5263 (10.1551)
Epoch:[1223][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4562 (10.1752)
Epoch:[1223][15/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4160 (10.1903)
Epoch:[1223][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5043 (10.2087)
Epoch:[1223][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3715 (10.2178)
epoch 1223 finished, takes 34.048378705978394 seconds
Epoch:[1224][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1248 (10.1248)
Epoch:[1224][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4981 (10.3114)
Epoch:[1224][ 2/18]	Time 2.18 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0844 (10.2357)
Epoch:[1224][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8928 (10.1500)
Epoch:[1224][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5037 (10.2208)
Epoch:[1224][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2755 (10.2299)
Epoch:[1224][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1123 (10.2131)
Epoch:[1224][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4193 (10.2389)
Epoch:[1224][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5875 (10.2776)
Epoch:[1224][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3065 (10.2805)
Epoch:[1224][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3804 (10.2896)
Epoch:[1224][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2421 (10.2856)
Epoch:[1224][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7282 (10.2427)
Epoch:[1224][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8925 (10.2177)
Epoch:[1224][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7632 (10.2541)
Epoch:[1224][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3814 (10.2620)
Epoch:[1224][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9508 (10.2437)
Epoch:[1224][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2790 (10.2457)
epoch 1224 finished, takes 34.84034442901611 seconds
Epoch:[1225][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0243 (10.0243)
Epoch:[1225][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1759 (10.1001)
Epoch:[1225][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8151 (10.0051)
Epoch:[1225][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4567 (10.1180)
Epoch:[1225][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0701 (10.3084)
Epoch:[1225][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3208 (10.3105)
Epoch:[1225][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1162 (10.2827)
Epoch:[1225][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1855 (10.2706)
Epoch:[1225][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3555 (10.2800)
Epoch:[1225][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1127 (10.2633)
Epoch:[1225][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6135 (10.2042)
Epoch:[1225][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0943 (10.1951)
Epoch:[1225][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8748 (10.1704)
Epoch:[1225][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2436 (10.1756)
Epoch:[1225][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8206 (10.1520)
Epoch:[1225][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8275 (10.1942)
Epoch:[1225][16/18]	Time 1.60 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1311 (10.2493)
Epoch:[1225][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0031 (10.2356)
epoch 1225 finished, takes 33.422123670578 seconds
Epoch:[1226][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9491 (9.9491)
Epoch:[1226][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5602 (10.2547)
Epoch:[1226][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3053 (10.2715)
Epoch:[1226][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2129 (10.2569)
Epoch:[1226][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1870 (10.2429)
Epoch:[1226][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6939 (10.3181)
Epoch:[1226][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4092 (10.3311)
Epoch:[1226][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6248 (10.2428)
Epoch:[1226][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1974 (10.2378)
Epoch:[1226][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9408 (10.2081)
Epoch:[1226][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7669 (10.1679)
Epoch:[1226][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1878 (10.1696)
Epoch:[1226][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4871 (10.1940)
Epoch:[1226][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7835 (10.1647)
Epoch:[1226][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2654 (10.1714)
Epoch:[1226][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6095 (10.1988)
Epoch:[1226][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6350 (10.1656)
Epoch:[1226][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7514 (10.1982)
epoch 1226 finished, takes 34.54640316963196 seconds
Epoch:[1227][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8663 (9.8663)
Epoch:[1227][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2847 (10.0755)
Epoch:[1227][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4805 (10.2105)
Epoch:[1227][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1800 (10.2029)
Epoch:[1227][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3476 (10.2318)
Epoch:[1227][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4911 (10.2750)
Epoch:[1227][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3212 (10.2816)
Epoch:[1227][ 7/18]	Time 2.18 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3553 (10.2908)
Epoch:[1227][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2361 (10.2848)
Epoch:[1227][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5282 (10.3091)
Epoch:[1227][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2830 (10.3067)
Epoch:[1227][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5835 (10.3298)
Epoch:[1227][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4868 (10.3419)
Epoch:[1227][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8020 (10.3747)
Epoch:[1227][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6435 (10.3927)
Epoch:[1227][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2612 (10.3844)
Epoch:[1227][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9134 (10.3567)
Epoch:[1227][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2280 (10.3496)
epoch 1227 finished, takes 34.50518035888672 seconds
Epoch:[1228][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1096 (10.1096)
Epoch:[1228][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0820 (10.0958)
Epoch:[1228][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0457 (10.4124)
Epoch:[1228][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9146 (10.2880)
Epoch:[1228][ 4/18]	Time 1.56 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4816 (10.3267)
Epoch:[1228][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4550 (10.3481)
Epoch:[1228][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8195 (10.2726)
Epoch:[1228][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9837 (10.2365)
Epoch:[1228][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6248 (10.2796)
Epoch:[1228][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8445 (10.2361)
Epoch:[1228][10/18]	Time 2.27 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3301 (10.2447)
Epoch:[1228][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7571 (10.2040)
Epoch:[1228][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0458 (10.1919)
Epoch:[1228][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8209 (10.2368)
Epoch:[1228][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6209 (10.1957)
Epoch:[1228][15/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6944 (10.1644)
Epoch:[1228][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1374 (10.1628)
Epoch:[1228][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5947 (10.1312)
epoch 1228 finished, takes 34.438496351242065 seconds
Epoch:[1229][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7388 (9.7388)
Epoch:[1229][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9929 (9.8659)
Epoch:[1229][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1738 (9.9685)
Epoch:[1229][ 3/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9720 (9.9694)
Epoch:[1229][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3606 (10.0476)
Epoch:[1229][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7717 (10.0016)
Epoch:[1229][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0932 (10.0147)
Epoch:[1229][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5371 (10.0800)
Epoch:[1229][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1667 (10.0896)
Epoch:[1229][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0725 (10.0879)
Epoch:[1229][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4673 (10.1224)
Epoch:[1229][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1620 (10.1257)
Epoch:[1229][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4019 (10.1470)
Epoch:[1229][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8224 (10.1238)
Epoch:[1229][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0425 (10.1184)
Epoch:[1229][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8213 (10.1623)
Epoch:[1229][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3888 (10.1756)
Epoch:[1229][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8049 (10.1550)
epoch 1229 finished, takes 33.320738554000854 seconds
Epoch:[1230][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2442 (10.2442)
Epoch:[1230][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0063 (10.1252)
Epoch:[1230][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9695 (10.0733)
Epoch:[1230][ 3/18]	Time 1.60 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1268 (10.0867)
Epoch:[1230][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1894 (10.1072)
Epoch:[1230][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5930 (10.0215)
Epoch:[1230][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3246 (10.0648)
Epoch:[1230][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5626 (10.1270)
Epoch:[1230][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1691 (10.1317)
Epoch:[1230][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1208 (10.1306)
Epoch:[1230][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5464 (10.1684)
Epoch:[1230][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4436 (10.1914)
Epoch:[1230][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9847 (10.2524)
Epoch:[1230][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1237 (10.2432)
Epoch:[1230][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0859 (10.2327)
Epoch:[1230][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3696 (10.2413)
Epoch:[1230][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1360 (10.2351)
Epoch:[1230][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0672 (10.2258)
epoch 1230 finished, takes 33.75996446609497 seconds
Epoch:[1231][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3231 (10.3231)
Epoch:[1231][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4538 (10.3884)
Epoch:[1231][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3443 (10.3737)
Epoch:[1231][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2282 (10.3373)
Epoch:[1231][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0850 (10.2869)
Epoch:[1231][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9509 (10.2309)
Epoch:[1231][ 6/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2155 (10.2287)
Epoch:[1231][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0230 (10.2030)
Epoch:[1231][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2881 (10.2124)
Epoch:[1231][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1587 (10.2071)
Epoch:[1231][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6134 (10.2440)
Epoch:[1231][11/18]	Time 2.15 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4938 (10.1815)
Epoch:[1231][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2164 (10.1842)
Epoch:[1231][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8209 (10.2296)
Epoch:[1231][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9115 (10.2084)
Epoch:[1231][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2997 (10.2141)
Epoch:[1231][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5746 (10.2353)
Epoch:[1231][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3039 (10.2391)
epoch 1231 finished, takes 34.151636838912964 seconds
Epoch:[1232][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8896 (10.8896)
Epoch:[1232][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7104 (10.8000)
Epoch:[1232][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3265 (10.6422)
Epoch:[1232][ 3/18]	Time 2.32 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.1003 (10.7567)
Epoch:[1232][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6269 (10.5308)
Epoch:[1232][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9892 (10.4405)
Epoch:[1232][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8930 (10.3623)
Epoch:[1232][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9121 (10.3060)
Epoch:[1232][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1954 (10.2937)
Epoch:[1232][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0062 (10.2650)
Epoch:[1232][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6007 (10.2046)
Epoch:[1232][11/18]	Time 1.59 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3036 (10.2128)
Epoch:[1232][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1162 (10.2054)
Epoch:[1232][13/18]	Time 2.26 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0783 (10.2677)
Epoch:[1232][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1925 (10.2627)
Epoch:[1232][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5302 (10.2794)
Epoch:[1232][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2518 (10.2778)
Epoch:[1232][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2247 (10.2749)
epoch 1232 finished, takes 34.20924162864685 seconds
Epoch:[1233][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2913 (10.2913)
Epoch:[1233][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4552 (9.8733)
Epoch:[1233][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0807 (9.9424)
Epoch:[1233][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8718 (9.9247)
Epoch:[1233][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7390 (10.0876)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.59263166251941  precision:  0.6370577109332469  f1:  0.5558269525178324 perclass recall:  [0.98573806 0.73770023 0.74489796 0.20991351 0.28490856]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7542244245272549  precision:  0.7739325090935086  f1:  0.7567263173424827 perclass recall:  [0.95460441 0.63541667 0.79017857 0.7755102  0.67341772 0.70515971
 0.75529865 0.74420947]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7053832018408475  precision:  0.7112127203774564  f1:  0.6966089181636558 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96399457 0.96124031 0.40458015 0.89848485 0.55707196]
Epoch:[1233][ 5/18]	Time 12.37 (3.59)	Data 10.34 (1.72)	Loss 10.0205 (10.0764)
Epoch:[1233][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (3.32)	Data 0.00 (1.48)	Loss 10.1930 (10.0931)
Epoch:[1233][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (3.11)	Data 0.00 (1.29)	Loss 9.9847 (10.0795)
Epoch:[1233][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (2.98)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 10.1904 (10.0918)
Epoch:[1233][ 9/18]	Time 1.59 (2.84)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 10.3474 (10.1174)
Epoch:[1233][10/18]	Time 1.98 (2.76)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 10.6141 (10.1626)
Epoch:[1233][11/18]	Time 1.66 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.7598 (10.1290)
Epoch:[1233][12/18]	Time 1.72 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.8911 (10.1107)
Epoch:[1233][13/18]	Time 1.93 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 10.3944 (10.1310)
Epoch:[1233][14/18]	Time 1.76 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.1522 (10.1324)
Epoch:[1233][15/18]	Time 2.14 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.2272 (10.1383)
Epoch:[1233][16/18]	Time 2.14 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.2820 (10.1468)
Epoch:[1233][17/18]	Time 1.90 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 10.3708 (10.1592)
epoch 1233 finished, takes 43.62113809585571 seconds
Epoch:[1234][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5317 (9.5317)
Epoch:[1234][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3379 (9.9348)
Epoch:[1234][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9175 (9.9290)
Epoch:[1234][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4598 (10.0617)
Epoch:[1234][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9069 (10.2308)
Epoch:[1234][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1820 (10.2226)
Epoch:[1234][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1180 (10.2077)
Epoch:[1234][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4228 (10.2346)
Epoch:[1234][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1932 (10.2300)
Epoch:[1234][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9370 (10.2007)
Epoch:[1234][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4216 (10.2208)
Epoch:[1234][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3629 (10.2326)
Epoch:[1234][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3167 (10.2391)
Epoch:[1234][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4597 (10.2548)
Epoch:[1234][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6842 (10.2168)
Epoch:[1234][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8409 (10.1933)
Epoch:[1234][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2395 (10.1960)
Epoch:[1234][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5028 (10.2131)
epoch 1234 finished, takes 34.41474771499634 seconds
Epoch:[1235][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1234 (10.1234)
Epoch:[1235][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1814 (10.1524)
Epoch:[1235][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0780 (10.1276)
Epoch:[1235][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4271 (10.2025)
Epoch:[1235][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7724 (10.1165)
Epoch:[1235][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2826 (10.1442)
Epoch:[1235][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8926 (10.1082)
Epoch:[1235][ 7/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0634 (10.1026)
Epoch:[1235][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4753 (10.1440)
Epoch:[1235][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3186 (10.1615)
Epoch:[1235][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7139 (10.1208)
Epoch:[1235][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0476 (10.1147)
Epoch:[1235][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7569 (10.0872)
Epoch:[1235][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1469 (10.0914)
Epoch:[1235][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4066 (10.1124)
Epoch:[1235][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0191 (10.1066)
Epoch:[1235][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5359 (10.1319)
Epoch:[1235][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4864 (10.0960)
epoch 1235 finished, takes 34.75603222846985 seconds
Epoch:[1236][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7486 (9.7486)
Epoch:[1236][ 1/18]	Time 2.17 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7211 (10.2348)
Epoch:[1236][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0019 (10.1572)
Epoch:[1236][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0674 (10.1348)
Epoch:[1236][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7582 (10.0595)
Epoch:[1236][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0910 (10.0647)
Epoch:[1236][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9316 (10.0457)
Epoch:[1236][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3693 (10.0862)
Epoch:[1236][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0330 (10.0802)
Epoch:[1236][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1267 (10.0849)
Epoch:[1236][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2076 (10.0961)
Epoch:[1236][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2213 (10.1065)
Epoch:[1236][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0538 (10.1024)
Epoch:[1236][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2694 (10.1144)
Epoch:[1236][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0570 (10.1105)
Epoch:[1236][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2430 (10.1188)
Epoch:[1236][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2562 (10.1269)
Epoch:[1236][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8501 (10.1115)
epoch 1236 finished, takes 33.944406509399414 seconds
Epoch:[1237][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2656 (10.2656)
Epoch:[1237][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3141 (10.2899)
Epoch:[1237][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2185 (10.2661)
Epoch:[1237][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1749 (10.2433)
Epoch:[1237][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9908 (10.1928)
Epoch:[1237][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7589 (10.2871)
Epoch:[1237][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4291 (10.3074)
Epoch:[1237][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3075 (10.3074)
Epoch:[1237][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2464 (10.3006)
Epoch:[1237][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6685 (10.2374)
Epoch:[1237][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6595 (10.1849)
Epoch:[1237][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2495 (10.1903)
Epoch:[1237][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9840 (10.1744)
Epoch:[1237][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6191 (10.1347)
Epoch:[1237][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2514 (10.1425)
Epoch:[1237][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2039 (10.1463)
Epoch:[1237][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9116 (10.1325)
Epoch:[1237][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1376 (10.1328)
epoch 1237 finished, takes 33.41848564147949 seconds
Epoch:[1238][ 0/18]	Time 2.22 (2.22)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4089 (10.4089)
Epoch:[1238][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5977 (10.5033)
Epoch:[1238][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5159 (10.5075)
Epoch:[1238][ 3/18]	Time 1.62 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7629 (10.3213)
Epoch:[1238][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4467 (10.3464)
Epoch:[1238][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6350 (10.3945)
Epoch:[1238][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0051 (10.3389)
Epoch:[1238][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0483 (10.4276)
Epoch:[1238][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0045 (10.3806)
Epoch:[1238][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9314 (10.3356)
Epoch:[1238][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7612 (10.2834)
Epoch:[1238][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0015 (10.2599)
Epoch:[1238][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5260 (10.2804)
Epoch:[1238][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8991 (10.2532)
Epoch:[1238][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5674 (10.2741)
Epoch:[1238][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3002 (10.2757)
Epoch:[1238][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0634 (10.2632)
Epoch:[1238][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0398 (10.2508)
epoch 1238 finished, takes 34.207111120224 seconds
Epoch:[1239][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5436 (10.5436)
Epoch:[1239][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6740 (10.6088)
Epoch:[1239][ 2/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2486 (10.4887)
Epoch:[1239][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5832 (10.2623)
Epoch:[1239][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2594 (10.2618)
Epoch:[1239][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0023 (10.2185)
Epoch:[1239][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7471 (10.1512)
Epoch:[1239][ 7/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4452 (10.1879)
Epoch:[1239][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5640 (10.2297)
Epoch:[1239][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7533 (10.2821)
Epoch:[1239][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5646 (10.3078)
Epoch:[1239][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9641 (10.3624)
Epoch:[1239][12/18]	Time 2.15 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4217 (10.3670)
Epoch:[1239][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6277 (10.3142)
Epoch:[1239][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3248 (10.3149)
Epoch:[1239][15/18]	Time 1.55 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1258 (10.3031)
Epoch:[1239][16/18]	Time 1.58 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3040 (10.3031)
Epoch:[1239][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9460 (10.2833)
epoch 1239 finished, takes 33.58820104598999 seconds
Epoch:[1240][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8033 (9.8033)
Epoch:[1240][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3838 (10.0936)
Epoch:[1240][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2502 (10.1458)
Epoch:[1240][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0175 (10.3637)
Epoch:[1240][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7612 (10.2432)
Epoch:[1240][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2749 (10.2485)
Epoch:[1240][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1822 (10.2390)
Epoch:[1240][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3720 (10.2556)
Epoch:[1240][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9302 (10.2195)
Epoch:[1240][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4600 (10.2435)
Epoch:[1240][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0645 (10.2272)
Epoch:[1240][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2313 (10.2276)
Epoch:[1240][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3279 (10.2353)
Epoch:[1240][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2875 (10.2390)
Epoch:[1240][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8923 (10.2159)
Epoch:[1240][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0805 (10.2074)
Epoch:[1240][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1496 (10.2040)
Epoch:[1240][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5301 (10.2222)
epoch 1240 finished, takes 33.6840033531189 seconds
Epoch:[1241][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6254 (10.6254)
Epoch:[1241][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2037 (10.4145)
Epoch:[1241][ 2/18]	Time 2.22 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5809 (10.4700)
Epoch:[1241][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0236 (10.6084)
Epoch:[1241][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9230 (10.4713)
Epoch:[1241][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6204 (10.4962)
Epoch:[1241][ 6/18]	Time 2.27 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2307 (10.4583)
Epoch:[1241][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9971 (10.4006)
Epoch:[1241][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7892 (10.3327)
Epoch:[1241][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4142 (10.3408)
Epoch:[1241][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4816 (10.3536)
Epoch:[1241][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2424 (10.3444)
Epoch:[1241][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5166 (10.2807)
Epoch:[1241][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5667 (10.3011)
Epoch:[1241][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1432 (10.2906)
Epoch:[1241][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8811 (10.2650)
Epoch:[1241][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3857 (10.2721)
Epoch:[1241][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6725 (10.2388)
epoch 1241 finished, takes 34.709070682525635 seconds
Epoch:[1242][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4445 (10.4445)
Epoch:[1242][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9802 (10.7124)
Epoch:[1242][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5116 (10.6455)
Epoch:[1242][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2459 (10.5456)
Epoch:[1242][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6128 (10.5590)
Epoch:[1242][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0969 (10.4820)
Epoch:[1242][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1960 (10.4411)
Epoch:[1242][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2861 (10.4218)
Epoch:[1242][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9890 (10.3737)
Epoch:[1242][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0824 (10.3445)
Epoch:[1242][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4057 (10.3501)
Epoch:[1242][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5765 (10.3690)
Epoch:[1242][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6828 (10.3162)
Epoch:[1242][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8800 (10.2850)
Epoch:[1242][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6842 (10.3116)
Epoch:[1242][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3837 (10.3162)
Epoch:[1242][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9228 (10.2930)
Epoch:[1242][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9288 (10.2728)
epoch 1242 finished, takes 33.85578799247742 seconds
Epoch:[1243][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6402 (9.6402)
Epoch:[1243][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9399 (9.7900)
Epoch:[1243][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3514 (9.9772)
Epoch:[1243][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9807 (9.9780)
Epoch:[1243][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0050 (9.9834)
Epoch:[1243][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5589 (10.0793)
Epoch:[1243][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6052 (10.1545)
Epoch:[1243][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5640 (10.2057)
Epoch:[1243][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9918 (10.1819)
Epoch:[1243][ 9/18]	Time 2.11 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9678 (10.1605)
Epoch:[1243][10/18]	Time 2.10 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2056 (10.1646)
Epoch:[1243][11/18]	Time 1.84 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6876 (10.1248)
Epoch:[1243][12/18]	Time 1.99 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0729 (10.1208)
Epoch:[1243][13/18]	Time 2.02 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3273 (10.1356)
Epoch:[1243][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8626 (10.1174)
Epoch:[1243][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8925 (10.1033)
Epoch:[1243][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0600 (10.1008)
Epoch:[1243][17/18]	Time 2.23 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7367 (10.1361)
epoch 1243 finished, takes 35.88769817352295 seconds
Epoch:[1244][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4433 (10.4433)
Epoch:[1244][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7057 (10.5745)
Epoch:[1244][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3663 (10.5051)
Epoch:[1244][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0702 (10.3964)
Epoch:[1244][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0079 (10.3187)
Epoch:[1244][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5702 (10.3606)
Epoch:[1244][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5677 (10.3902)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6228099089912263  precision:  0.6606603606072466  f1:  0.5904265704980058 perclass recall:  [0.98550036 0.74127574 0.74607535 0.20093147 0.44026662]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.755734356538735  precision:  0.7755607327294161  f1:  0.7567262210140704 perclass recall:  [0.95006485 0.63125    0.78794643 0.7755102  0.67088608 0.73710074
 0.76300578 0.73011078]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7057282470393416  precision:  0.7093019277145117  f1:  0.6957033824437029 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96399457 0.96124031 0.41603053 0.90151515 0.55024814]
Epoch:[1244][ 7/18]	Time 12.47 (3.19)	Data 10.46 (1.31)	Loss 10.0598 (10.3489)
Epoch:[1244][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (3.03)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 9.8265 (10.2909)
Epoch:[1244][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 10.2092 (10.2827)
Epoch:[1244][10/18]	Time 1.92 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 10.1966 (10.2749)
Epoch:[1244][11/18]	Time 1.99 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 10.0392 (10.2552)
Epoch:[1244][12/18]	Time 2.02 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 10.0743 (10.2413)
Epoch:[1244][13/18]	Time 1.79 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 10.5308 (10.2620)
Epoch:[1244][14/18]	Time 1.96 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 10.6067 (10.2850)
Epoch:[1244][15/18]	Time 1.77 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.0718 (10.2716)
Epoch:[1244][16/18]	Time 1.70 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.9075 (10.2502)
Epoch:[1244][17/18]	Time 2.02 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.6320 (10.2159)
epoch 1244 finished, takes 44.1919469833374 seconds
Epoch:[1245][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8051 (9.8051)
Epoch:[1245][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1123 (9.9587)
Epoch:[1245][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1800 (10.0324)
Epoch:[1245][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8621 (9.9899)
Epoch:[1245][ 4/18]	Time 2.12 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2857 (10.0490)
Epoch:[1245][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1560 (10.0668)
Epoch:[1245][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9108 (10.0446)
Epoch:[1245][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6904 (10.1253)
Epoch:[1245][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9869 (10.1099)
Epoch:[1245][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8457 (10.0835)
Epoch:[1245][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9108 (10.0678)
Epoch:[1245][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3496 (10.0913)
Epoch:[1245][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7928 (10.0683)
Epoch:[1245][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1558 (10.0746)
Epoch:[1245][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2760 (10.0880)
Epoch:[1245][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8244 (10.0715)
Epoch:[1245][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2863 (10.0841)
Epoch:[1245][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3468 (10.0987)
epoch 1245 finished, takes 33.66702151298523 seconds
Epoch:[1246][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9106 (9.9106)
Epoch:[1246][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7062 (9.8084)
Epoch:[1246][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1525 (9.9231)
Epoch:[1246][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1229 (9.9731)
Epoch:[1246][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9378 (9.9660)
Epoch:[1246][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1508 (9.9968)
Epoch:[1246][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0312 (10.0017)
Epoch:[1246][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8758 (9.9860)
Epoch:[1246][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0823 (9.9967)
Epoch:[1246][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3266 (10.0297)
Epoch:[1246][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2776 (10.0522)
Epoch:[1246][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5887 (10.0136)
Epoch:[1246][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7008 (9.9895)
Epoch:[1246][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1399 (10.0003)
Epoch:[1246][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7194 (10.0482)
Epoch:[1246][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2960 (10.0637)
Epoch:[1246][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9738 (10.0584)
Epoch:[1246][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0834 (10.0598)
epoch 1246 finished, takes 33.828012228012085 seconds
Epoch:[1247][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6953 (9.6953)
Epoch:[1247][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1861 (9.9407)
Epoch:[1247][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2636 (10.0483)
Epoch:[1247][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3677 (10.1282)
Epoch:[1247][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0703 (10.1166)
Epoch:[1247][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6160 (10.0332)
Epoch:[1247][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4456 (10.0921)
Epoch:[1247][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1800 (10.1031)
Epoch:[1247][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3155 (10.1267)
Epoch:[1247][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9055 (10.2046)
Epoch:[1247][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7053 (10.1592)
Epoch:[1247][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4954 (10.1872)
Epoch:[1247][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7688 (10.1550)
Epoch:[1247][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0078 (10.1445)
Epoch:[1247][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0910 (10.1409)
Epoch:[1247][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3797 (10.1558)
Epoch:[1247][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2186 (10.1595)
Epoch:[1247][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4916 (10.1780)
epoch 1247 finished, takes 33.82461881637573 seconds
Epoch:[1248][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4918 (9.4918)
Epoch:[1248][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9962 (9.7440)
Epoch:[1248][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9465 (9.8115)
Epoch:[1248][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3024 (9.9342)
Epoch:[1248][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7524 (9.8979)
Epoch:[1248][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5363 (10.0043)
Epoch:[1248][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5437 (10.0813)
Epoch:[1248][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4867 (10.1320)
Epoch:[1248][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7673 (10.0915)
Epoch:[1248][ 9/18]	Time 2.17 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5558 (10.1379)
Epoch:[1248][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9371 (10.1196)
Epoch:[1248][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4758 (10.1493)
Epoch:[1248][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0686 (10.1431)
Epoch:[1248][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8252 (10.1204)
Epoch:[1248][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8916 (10.1052)
Epoch:[1248][15/18]	Time 2.16 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0818 (10.1037)
Epoch:[1248][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2340 (10.1114)
Epoch:[1248][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4638 (10.1309)
epoch 1248 finished, takes 35.08741235733032 seconds
Epoch:[1249][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7851 (10.7851)
Epoch:[1249][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3667 (10.5759)
Epoch:[1249][ 2/18]	Time 2.16 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7726 (10.3081)
Epoch:[1249][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3814 (10.3265)
Epoch:[1249][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9418 (10.2495)
Epoch:[1249][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3247 (10.2620)
Epoch:[1249][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3009 (10.2676)
Epoch:[1249][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2282 (10.2627)
Epoch:[1249][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4497 (10.2834)
Epoch:[1249][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4250 (10.2976)
Epoch:[1249][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3502 (10.3024)
Epoch:[1249][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4550 (10.3151)
Epoch:[1249][12/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1683 (10.3038)
Epoch:[1249][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8521 (10.2715)
Epoch:[1249][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5156 (10.2878)
Epoch:[1249][15/18]	Time 1.64 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5394 (10.2410)
Epoch:[1249][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8100 (10.2157)
Epoch:[1249][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2129 (10.2155)
epoch 1249 finished, takes 33.66513729095459 seconds
Epoch:[1250][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3947 (10.3947)
Epoch:[1250][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5741 (10.4844)
Epoch:[1250][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3437 (10.4375)
Epoch:[1250][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8547 (10.2918)
Epoch:[1250][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9758 (10.2286)
Epoch:[1250][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3210 (10.2440)
Epoch:[1250][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3335 (10.2568)
Epoch:[1250][ 7/18]	Time 2.19 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5009 (10.2873)
Epoch:[1250][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1165 (10.2683)
Epoch:[1250][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5237 (10.2939)
Epoch:[1250][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8135 (10.2502)
Epoch:[1250][11/18]	Time 1.62 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5934 (10.1955)
Epoch:[1250][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1408 (10.1913)
Epoch:[1250][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2610 (10.1962)
Epoch:[1250][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1296 (10.1918)
Epoch:[1250][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1539 (10.1894)
Epoch:[1250][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1846 (10.1891)
Epoch:[1250][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6438 (10.1588)
epoch 1250 finished, takes 33.95525550842285 seconds
Epoch:[1251][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1051 (10.1051)
Epoch:[1251][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9999 (10.0525)
Epoch:[1251][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3986 (10.1679)
Epoch:[1251][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1495 (10.1633)
Epoch:[1251][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7397 (10.0786)
Epoch:[1251][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2530 (10.1076)
Epoch:[1251][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0570 (10.1004)
Epoch:[1251][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8442 (10.0684)
Epoch:[1251][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4918 (10.1154)
Epoch:[1251][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3196 (10.1358)
Epoch:[1251][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3748 (10.1576)
Epoch:[1251][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8839 (10.1348)
Epoch:[1251][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5292 (10.1651)
Epoch:[1251][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4557 (10.1859)
Epoch:[1251][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2829 (10.1923)
Epoch:[1251][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1534 (10.1899)
Epoch:[1251][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6829 (10.1601)
Epoch:[1251][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0583 (10.1544)
epoch 1251 finished, takes 33.88389253616333 seconds
Epoch:[1252][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6372 (9.6372)
Epoch:[1252][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5788 (10.1080)
Epoch:[1252][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8525 (10.0228)
Epoch:[1252][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1775 (10.0615)
Epoch:[1252][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0261 (10.0544)
Epoch:[1252][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9632 (10.0392)
Epoch:[1252][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9926 (10.0325)
Epoch:[1252][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1804 (10.0510)
Epoch:[1252][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9358 (10.0382)
Epoch:[1252][ 9/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9381 (10.0282)
Epoch:[1252][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4851 (10.0697)
Epoch:[1252][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8959 (10.0553)
Epoch:[1252][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5443 (10.0929)
Epoch:[1252][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1412 (10.0963)
Epoch:[1252][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3262 (10.1117)
Epoch:[1252][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3989 (10.1296)
Epoch:[1252][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2848 (10.1387)
Epoch:[1252][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1904 (10.1416)
epoch 1252 finished, takes 34.251054763793945 seconds
Epoch:[1253][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2843 (10.2843)
Epoch:[1253][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3595 (10.3219)
Epoch:[1253][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9948 (10.2128)
Epoch:[1253][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2754 (10.2285)
Epoch:[1253][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7778 (10.1383)
Epoch:[1253][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3852 (10.1795)
Epoch:[1253][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8617 (10.1341)
Epoch:[1253][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3999 (10.1673)
Epoch:[1253][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8669 (10.1339)
Epoch:[1253][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3702 (10.1576)
Epoch:[1253][10/18]	Time 2.22 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6327 (10.2008)
Epoch:[1253][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3285 (10.2114)
Epoch:[1253][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8221 (10.1815)
Epoch:[1253][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1147 (10.1767)
Epoch:[1253][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8274 (10.1534)
Epoch:[1253][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9886 (10.1431)
Epoch:[1253][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1215 (10.1418)
Epoch:[1253][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9840 (10.1331)
epoch 1253 finished, takes 34.52690601348877 seconds
Epoch:[1254][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2594 (10.2594)
Epoch:[1254][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9067 (10.0831)
Epoch:[1254][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2881 (10.1514)
Epoch:[1254][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5904 (10.2612)
Epoch:[1254][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5656 (10.3221)
Epoch:[1254][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0869 (10.2829)
Epoch:[1254][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6558 (10.3361)
Epoch:[1254][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9812 (10.2918)
Epoch:[1254][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5562 (10.3212)
Epoch:[1254][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9067 (10.2797)
Epoch:[1254][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9657 (10.2512)
Epoch:[1254][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0811 (10.2370)
Epoch:[1254][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2907 (10.2411)
Epoch:[1254][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6515 (10.2704)
Epoch:[1254][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0247 (10.2541)
Epoch:[1254][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3820 (10.2621)
Epoch:[1254][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2617 (10.2620)
Epoch:[1254][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7517 (10.2337)
epoch 1254 finished, takes 34.57817602157593 seconds
Epoch:[1255][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7154 (9.7154)
Epoch:[1255][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2351 (9.9752)
Epoch:[1255][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8954 (9.9486)
Epoch:[1255][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7195 (10.1413)
Epoch:[1255][ 4/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3569 (10.1844)
Epoch:[1255][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0155 (10.1563)
Epoch:[1255][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6607 (10.2283)
Epoch:[1255][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1484 (10.2183)
Epoch:[1255][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8235 (10.1745)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6228526580524066  precision:  0.6570318220748104  f1:  0.5909112158416437 perclass recall:  [0.98597575 0.72511442 0.74450549 0.1996008  0.45906683]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.757475648222016  precision:  0.7721585792601486  f1:  0.756831564790333 perclass recall:  [0.94682231 0.65625    0.79241071 0.78231293 0.66582278 0.72727273
 0.76685934 0.72205438]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.710481806804015  precision:  0.7080964413835681  f1:  0.69919449053259 perclass recall:  [0.46368715 0.96467391 0.9627907  0.43320611 0.8969697  0.54156328]
Epoch:[1255][ 9/18]	Time 12.42 (2.93)	Data 10.32 (1.03)	Loss 9.7008 (10.1271)
Epoch:[1255][10/18]	Time 1.81 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.7872 (10.0962)
Epoch:[1255][11/18]	Time 1.93 (2.76)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 10.7292 (10.1490)
Epoch:[1255][12/18]	Time 1.85 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.9452 (10.1333)
Epoch:[1255][13/18]	Time 1.78 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.8106 (10.1102)
Epoch:[1255][14/18]	Time 1.78 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.8756 (10.0946)
Epoch:[1255][15/18]	Time 2.02 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.2390 (10.1036)
Epoch:[1255][16/18]	Time 1.74 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.9460 (10.0943)
Epoch:[1255][17/18]	Time 1.76 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 10.0131 (10.0898)
epoch 1255 finished, takes 44.02520728111267 seconds
Epoch:[1256][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8690 (10.8690)
Epoch:[1256][ 1/18]	Time 2.16 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1178 (10.4934)
Epoch:[1256][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1000 (10.3623)
Epoch:[1256][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0070 (10.2735)
Epoch:[1256][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5285 (10.3245)
Epoch:[1256][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1451 (10.2946)
Epoch:[1256][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2297 (10.2853)
Epoch:[1256][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7226 (10.2150)
Epoch:[1256][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3168 (10.2263)
Epoch:[1256][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2759 (10.2312)
Epoch:[1256][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4221 (10.2486)
Epoch:[1256][11/18]	Time 2.30 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0697 (10.2337)
Epoch:[1256][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9970 (10.2155)
Epoch:[1256][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2598 (10.2186)
Epoch:[1256][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0615 (10.2082)
Epoch:[1256][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8747 (10.1873)
Epoch:[1256][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8092 (10.1651)
Epoch:[1256][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2049 (10.1673)
epoch 1256 finished, takes 33.76903176307678 seconds
Epoch:[1257][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1931 (10.1931)
Epoch:[1257][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9728 (10.0829)
Epoch:[1257][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1245 (10.0968)
Epoch:[1257][ 3/18]	Time 2.24 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5699 (10.2151)
Epoch:[1257][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6914 (10.3103)
Epoch:[1257][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9138 (10.2443)
Epoch:[1257][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6459 (10.3016)
Epoch:[1257][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3154 (10.3034)
Epoch:[1257][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1970 (10.2915)
Epoch:[1257][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3613 (10.2985)
Epoch:[1257][10/18]	Time 1.58 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6866 (10.2429)
Epoch:[1257][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2836 (10.2463)
Epoch:[1257][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1862 (10.2417)
Epoch:[1257][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7814 (10.2088)
Epoch:[1257][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8570 (10.1853)
Epoch:[1257][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1038 (10.1802)
Epoch:[1257][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1726 (10.1798)
Epoch:[1257][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2806 (10.1854)
epoch 1257 finished, takes 33.72238326072693 seconds
Epoch:[1258][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7963 (9.7963)
Epoch:[1258][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2039 (10.0001)
Epoch:[1258][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7936 (9.9313)
Epoch:[1258][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2796 (10.0183)
Epoch:[1258][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3218 (10.0790)
Epoch:[1258][ 5/18]	Time 2.20 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4689 (10.1440)
Epoch:[1258][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7310 (10.0850)
Epoch:[1258][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8971 (10.0615)
Epoch:[1258][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2912 (10.0870)
Epoch:[1258][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8713 (10.1655)
Epoch:[1258][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9682 (10.1475)
Epoch:[1258][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2882 (10.1592)
Epoch:[1258][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0883 (10.1538)
Epoch:[1258][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8631 (10.1330)
Epoch:[1258][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4984 (10.0907)
Epoch:[1258][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2845 (10.1028)
Epoch:[1258][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1716 (10.1069)
Epoch:[1258][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3236 (10.1189)
epoch 1258 finished, takes 34.25384545326233 seconds
Epoch:[1259][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9003 (9.9003)
Epoch:[1259][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0008 (9.9505)
Epoch:[1259][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2670 (10.0560)
Epoch:[1259][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0545 (10.0556)
Epoch:[1259][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1480 (10.0741)
Epoch:[1259][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3172 (10.1146)
Epoch:[1259][ 6/18]	Time 1.55 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9428 (10.0901)
Epoch:[1259][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6818 (10.0390)
Epoch:[1259][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9869 (10.0333)
Epoch:[1259][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1861 (10.0485)
Epoch:[1259][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2145 (9.9727)
Epoch:[1259][11/18]	Time 2.15 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5004 (10.0167)
Epoch:[1259][12/18]	Time 2.20 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7596 (10.0738)
Epoch:[1259][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6915 (10.1180)
Epoch:[1259][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1171 (10.1179)
Epoch:[1259][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4428 (10.1382)
Epoch:[1259][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7836 (10.1173)
Epoch:[1259][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1306 (10.1181)
epoch 1259 finished, takes 33.62199258804321 seconds
Epoch:[1260][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0545 (10.0545)
Epoch:[1260][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0440 (10.0492)
Epoch:[1260][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0198 (10.0394)
Epoch:[1260][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3171 (10.1088)
Epoch:[1260][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9506 (10.0772)
Epoch:[1260][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5214 (10.1512)
Epoch:[1260][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9038 (10.1159)
Epoch:[1260][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3564 (10.1459)
Epoch:[1260][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6248 (10.1991)
Epoch:[1260][ 9/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1595 (10.1952)
Epoch:[1260][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1921 (10.1949)
Epoch:[1260][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3468 (10.2075)
Epoch:[1260][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3433 (10.2180)
Epoch:[1260][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9901 (10.2017)
Epoch:[1260][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2968 (10.2081)
Epoch:[1260][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7905 (10.2445)
Epoch:[1260][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5644 (10.2045)
Epoch:[1260][17/18]	Time 1.54 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7761 (10.1807)
epoch 1260 finished, takes 33.15064072608948 seconds
Epoch:[1261][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8418 (10.8418)
Epoch:[1261][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7011 (10.2715)
Epoch:[1261][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1262 (10.2231)
Epoch:[1261][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2442 (10.2283)
Epoch:[1261][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6556 (10.1138)
Epoch:[1261][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2918 (10.1435)
Epoch:[1261][ 6/18]	Time 2.36 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8967 (10.2511)
Epoch:[1261][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3182 (10.2594)
Epoch:[1261][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2456 (10.2579)
Epoch:[1261][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2763 (10.2597)
Epoch:[1261][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9733 (10.2337)
Epoch:[1261][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7452 (10.1930)
Epoch:[1261][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7821 (10.1614)
Epoch:[1261][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7163 (10.1296)
Epoch:[1261][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1900 (10.1336)
Epoch:[1261][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5538 (10.1599)
Epoch:[1261][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5252 (10.1814)
Epoch:[1261][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4669 (10.1972)
epoch 1261 finished, takes 34.12688446044922 seconds
Epoch:[1262][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3152 (10.3152)
Epoch:[1262][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2527 (10.2839)
Epoch:[1262][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1419 (10.2366)
Epoch:[1262][ 3/18]	Time 2.20 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4862 (10.2990)
Epoch:[1262][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5341 (10.3460)
Epoch:[1262][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6288 (10.2265)
Epoch:[1262][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4793 (10.2626)
Epoch:[1262][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3673 (10.2757)
Epoch:[1262][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2603 (10.2740)
Epoch:[1262][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5715 (10.3037)
Epoch:[1262][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3143 (10.3047)
Epoch:[1262][11/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4810 (10.3194)
Epoch:[1262][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5608 (10.3380)
Epoch:[1262][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5671 (10.3543)
Epoch:[1262][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8519 (10.3208)
Epoch:[1262][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8102 (10.2889)
Epoch:[1262][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5086 (10.3018)
Epoch:[1262][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6984 (10.3239)
epoch 1262 finished, takes 34.252126932144165 seconds
Epoch:[1263][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8485 (9.8485)
Epoch:[1263][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2520 (10.0502)
Epoch:[1263][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0361 (10.0455)
Epoch:[1263][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1264 (10.0657)
Epoch:[1263][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7128 (9.9952)
Epoch:[1263][ 5/18]	Time 2.23 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9271 (9.9838)
Epoch:[1263][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8550 (9.9654)
Epoch:[1263][ 7/18]	Time 1.59 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1667 (9.9906)
Epoch:[1263][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9569 (9.9868)
Epoch:[1263][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7693 (9.9651)
Epoch:[1263][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5614 (9.9284)
Epoch:[1263][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9282 (9.9284)
Epoch:[1263][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8601 (9.9231)
Epoch:[1263][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9502 (9.9250)
Epoch:[1263][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4438 (9.9596)
Epoch:[1263][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3288 (9.9202)
Epoch:[1263][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8411 (9.9156)
Epoch:[1263][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5967 (9.9534)
epoch 1263 finished, takes 33.550573110580444 seconds
Epoch:[1264][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3829 (10.3829)
Epoch:[1264][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3728 (10.3778)
Epoch:[1264][ 2/18]	Time 2.18 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8641 (10.5399)
Epoch:[1264][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8411 (10.6152)
Epoch:[1264][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7319 (10.4386)
Epoch:[1264][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6493 (10.3070)
Epoch:[1264][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0358 (10.2683)
Epoch:[1264][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7460 (10.2030)
Epoch:[1264][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2634 (10.2097)
Epoch:[1264][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0958 (10.1983)
Epoch:[1264][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3537 (10.2124)
Epoch:[1264][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4176 (10.2295)
Epoch:[1264][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0054 (10.2123)
Epoch:[1264][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1807 (10.2100)
Epoch:[1264][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8177 (10.1839)
Epoch:[1264][15/18]	Time 1.58 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1633 (10.1826)
Epoch:[1264][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0917 (10.1773)
Epoch:[1264][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6092 (10.2012)
epoch 1264 finished, takes 33.59419560432434 seconds
Epoch:[1265][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0465 (10.0465)
Epoch:[1265][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0541 (10.0503)
Epoch:[1265][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1675 (10.0894)
Epoch:[1265][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4609 (10.1822)
Epoch:[1265][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9435 (10.1345)
Epoch:[1265][ 5/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4274 (10.1833)
Epoch:[1265][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2199 (10.1885)
Epoch:[1265][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4725 (10.2240)
Epoch:[1265][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8497 (10.1825)
Epoch:[1265][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8930 (10.1535)
Epoch:[1265][10/18]	Time 1.64 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2092 (10.1586)
Epoch:[1265][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4421 (10.1822)
Epoch:[1265][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1116 (10.1768)
Epoch:[1265][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4888 (10.1990)
Epoch:[1265][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8872 (10.1783)
Epoch:[1265][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2019 (10.1797)
Epoch:[1265][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0040 (10.1694)
Epoch:[1265][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3945 (10.1819)
epoch 1265 finished, takes 33.837520360946655 seconds
Epoch:[1266][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7909 (10.7909)
Epoch:[1266][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0727 (10.4318)
Epoch:[1266][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7031 (10.1889)
Epoch:[1266][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3194 (9.9715)
Epoch:[1266][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6273 (10.1027)
Epoch:[1266][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9226 (10.0727)
Epoch:[1266][ 6/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1280 (10.0806)
Epoch:[1266][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7592 (10.0404)
Epoch:[1266][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8934 (10.0241)
Epoch:[1266][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2470 (10.0464)
Epoch:[1266][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3167 (10.0709)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6258783042550171  precision:  0.6588251761777439  f1:  0.5936812665233102 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.70981121 0.74489796 0.19810379 0.48846351]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7581537094829695  precision:  0.7728849205908082  f1:  0.7584334305045124 perclass recall:  [0.94876783 0.6625     0.80357143 0.79818594 0.64556962 0.7027027
 0.76878613 0.73514602]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7093679470993166  precision:  0.7108506182809164  f1:  0.6996164291983277 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96263587 0.96124031 0.4389313  0.88939394 0.54590571]
Epoch:[1266][11/18]	Time 12.44 (2.76)	Data 10.36 (0.86)	Loss 10.1467 (10.0772)
Epoch:[1266][12/18]	Time 1.82 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 10.2739 (10.0924)
Epoch:[1266][13/18]	Time 2.09 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 10.1690 (10.0978)
Epoch:[1266][14/18]	Time 1.82 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.0306 (10.0934)
Epoch:[1266][15/18]	Time 1.97 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.4735 (10.1171)
Epoch:[1266][16/18]	Time 2.10 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.4625 (10.1374)
Epoch:[1266][17/18]	Time 1.93 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 10.3148 (10.1473)
epoch 1266 finished, takes 44.90078353881836 seconds
Epoch:[1267][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5353 (9.5353)
Epoch:[1267][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9727 (9.7540)
Epoch:[1267][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4872 (9.9984)
Epoch:[1267][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0426 (10.0094)
Epoch:[1267][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5270 (10.1129)
Epoch:[1267][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8829 (10.0746)
Epoch:[1267][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9439 (10.0559)
Epoch:[1267][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2586 (10.0813)
Epoch:[1267][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0867 (10.0819)
Epoch:[1267][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9060 (10.0643)
Epoch:[1267][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3076 (10.0864)
Epoch:[1267][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1665 (10.0931)
Epoch:[1267][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4318 (10.1191)
Epoch:[1267][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0483 (10.1141)
Epoch:[1267][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4601 (10.1372)
Epoch:[1267][15/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1544 (10.1382)
Epoch:[1267][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4197 (10.1548)
Epoch:[1267][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5807 (10.1784)
epoch 1267 finished, takes 33.21268892288208 seconds
Epoch:[1268][ 0/18]	Time 2.17 (2.17)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2240 (10.2240)
Epoch:[1268][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9319 (10.0780)
Epoch:[1268][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1640 (10.1066)
Epoch:[1268][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1707 (10.1226)
Epoch:[1268][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3406 (10.1662)
Epoch:[1268][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3023 (10.1889)
Epoch:[1268][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3009 (10.2049)
Epoch:[1268][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1913 (10.2032)
Epoch:[1268][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7171 (10.2603)
Epoch:[1268][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2538 (10.2597)
Epoch:[1268][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8592 (10.2233)
Epoch:[1268][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9948 (10.2042)
Epoch:[1268][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3775 (10.2176)
Epoch:[1268][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4590 (10.2348)
Epoch:[1268][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7454 (10.2688)
Epoch:[1268][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7254 (10.2349)
Epoch:[1268][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3944 (10.1854)
Epoch:[1268][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4946 (10.2026)
epoch 1268 finished, takes 33.939839601516724 seconds
Epoch:[1269][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0258 (10.0258)
Epoch:[1269][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1779 (10.1019)
Epoch:[1269][ 2/18]	Time 2.17 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4126 (10.2055)
Epoch:[1269][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9772 (10.1484)
Epoch:[1269][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3479 (10.1883)
Epoch:[1269][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3127 (10.2090)
Epoch:[1269][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2721 (10.2180)
Epoch:[1269][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4485 (10.2468)
Epoch:[1269][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5926 (10.2853)
Epoch:[1269][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2982 (10.2866)
Epoch:[1269][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4072 (10.2975)
Epoch:[1269][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9254 (10.2665)
Epoch:[1269][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8453 (10.2341)
Epoch:[1269][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5551 (10.2570)
Epoch:[1269][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6823 (10.2187)
Epoch:[1269][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1897 (10.2169)
Epoch:[1269][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6216 (10.1819)
Epoch:[1269][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9767 (10.1705)
epoch 1269 finished, takes 34.347142696380615 seconds
Epoch:[1270][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7450 (9.7450)
Epoch:[1270][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9246 (9.8348)
Epoch:[1270][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0336 (9.9011)
Epoch:[1270][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1002 (9.9508)
Epoch:[1270][ 4/18]	Time 2.26 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4603 (10.0527)
Epoch:[1270][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2024 (10.0777)
Epoch:[1270][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6690 (10.0193)
Epoch:[1270][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1961 (10.0414)
Epoch:[1270][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3082 (10.0710)
Epoch:[1270][ 9/18]	Time 2.33 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1495 (10.0789)
Epoch:[1270][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1712 (10.0873)
Epoch:[1270][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4586 (10.1182)
Epoch:[1270][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4636 (10.1448)
Epoch:[1270][13/18]	Time 2.14 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8362 (10.1942)
Epoch:[1270][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8515 (10.1713)
Epoch:[1270][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1758 (10.1716)
Epoch:[1270][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6096 (10.1974)
Epoch:[1270][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6354 (10.1661)
epoch 1270 finished, takes 35.20626902580261 seconds
Epoch:[1271][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1083 (10.1083)
Epoch:[1271][ 1/18]	Time 2.21 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2997 (10.2040)
Epoch:[1271][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5074 (10.3051)
Epoch:[1271][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7725 (10.1720)
Epoch:[1271][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7546 (10.0885)
Epoch:[1271][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3340 (10.1294)
Epoch:[1271][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4232 (10.0285)
Epoch:[1271][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8930 (10.1366)
Epoch:[1271][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2477 (10.1489)
Epoch:[1271][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8422 (10.1183)
Epoch:[1271][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6742 (10.0779)
Epoch:[1271][11/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3658 (10.1019)
Epoch:[1271][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2480 (10.1131)
Epoch:[1271][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1677 (10.1170)
Epoch:[1271][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5303 (10.1446)
Epoch:[1271][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7355 (10.1815)
Epoch:[1271][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0036 (10.1710)
Epoch:[1271][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6247 (10.1407)
epoch 1271 finished, takes 34.2988076210022 seconds
Epoch:[1272][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3536 (10.3536)
Epoch:[1272][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8861 (10.1198)
Epoch:[1272][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6975 (10.3124)
Epoch:[1272][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5038 (10.3602)
Epoch:[1272][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6556 (10.2193)
Epoch:[1272][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5669 (10.2772)
Epoch:[1272][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0209 (10.2406)
Epoch:[1272][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2451 (10.2412)
Epoch:[1272][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1394 (10.2299)
Epoch:[1272][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5376 (10.2607)
Epoch:[1272][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7586 (10.2150)
Epoch:[1272][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2348 (10.2167)
Epoch:[1272][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9112 (10.1932)
Epoch:[1272][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9690 (10.1772)
Epoch:[1272][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7688 (10.2166)
Epoch:[1272][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8845 (10.1958)
Epoch:[1272][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0901 (10.1896)
Epoch:[1272][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6412 (10.2147)
epoch 1272 finished, takes 34.29205679893494 seconds
Epoch:[1273][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3798 (10.3798)
Epoch:[1273][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9085 (10.1442)
Epoch:[1273][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9784 (10.0889)
Epoch:[1273][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4083 (10.1688)
Epoch:[1273][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8076 (10.0965)
Epoch:[1273][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9295 (10.0687)
Epoch:[1273][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8633 (10.0393)
Epoch:[1273][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7519 (10.1284)
Epoch:[1273][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2562 (10.1426)
Epoch:[1273][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7269 (10.1010)
Epoch:[1273][10/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4210 (10.1301)
Epoch:[1273][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8882 (10.1933)
Epoch:[1273][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2425 (10.1971)
Epoch:[1273][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4745 (10.2169)
Epoch:[1273][14/18]	Time 1.72 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3524 (10.2259)
Epoch:[1273][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3477 (10.2335)
Epoch:[1273][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3306 (10.2393)
Epoch:[1273][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0970 (10.2313)
epoch 1273 finished, takes 34.80022430419922 seconds
Epoch:[1274][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2573 (10.2573)
Epoch:[1274][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1581 (10.2077)
Epoch:[1274][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9005 (10.1053)
Epoch:[1274][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3988 (10.1787)
Epoch:[1274][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0707 (10.1571)
Epoch:[1274][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0399 (10.1375)
Epoch:[1274][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2332 (10.1512)
Epoch:[1274][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9373 (10.1245)
Epoch:[1274][ 8/18]	Time 1.65 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7652 (10.0845)
Epoch:[1274][ 9/18]	Time 1.61 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7139 (10.1475)
Epoch:[1274][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1390 (10.1467)
Epoch:[1274][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8616 (10.1229)
Epoch:[1274][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2989 (10.1365)
Epoch:[1274][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1047 (10.1342)
Epoch:[1274][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2383 (10.1411)
Epoch:[1274][15/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2924 (10.1506)
Epoch:[1274][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1683 (10.1516)
Epoch:[1274][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1860 (10.1536)
epoch 1274 finished, takes 34.14723038673401 seconds
Epoch:[1275][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1023 (10.1023)
Epoch:[1275][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9607 (10.0315)
Epoch:[1275][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1207 (10.0612)
Epoch:[1275][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7867 (9.9926)
Epoch:[1275][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8279 (9.9597)
Epoch:[1275][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7657 (10.0940)
Epoch:[1275][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1638 (10.1040)
Epoch:[1275][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4734 (10.1501)
Epoch:[1275][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0570 (10.1398)
Epoch:[1275][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1272 (10.1385)
Epoch:[1275][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1833 (10.1426)
Epoch:[1275][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5832 (10.1793)
Epoch:[1275][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2232 (10.1827)
Epoch:[1275][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6485 (10.1445)
Epoch:[1275][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8369 (10.1240)
Epoch:[1275][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2673 (10.1330)
Epoch:[1275][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5255 (10.0973)
Epoch:[1275][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1211 (10.0986)
epoch 1275 finished, takes 34.19028830528259 seconds
Epoch:[1276][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4432 (10.4432)
Epoch:[1276][ 1/18]	Time 2.42 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2880 (10.3656)
Epoch:[1276][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8942 (10.2085)
Epoch:[1276][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1546 (10.1950)
Epoch:[1276][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1674 (10.1895)
Epoch:[1276][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2347 (10.1970)
Epoch:[1276][ 6/18]	Time 2.23 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2830 (10.2093)
Epoch:[1276][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9764 (10.1802)
Epoch:[1276][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7424 (10.1316)
Epoch:[1276][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3829 (10.1567)
Epoch:[1276][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4817 (10.0953)
Epoch:[1276][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3297 (10.1149)
Epoch:[1276][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1762 (10.1196)
Epoch:[1276][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0981 (10.1181)
Epoch:[1276][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0561 (10.1139)
Epoch:[1276][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1491 (10.1161)
Epoch:[1276][16/18]	Time 2.21 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0428 (10.1118)
Epoch:[1276][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0821 (10.1102)
epoch 1276 finished, takes 34.40585207939148 seconds
Epoch:[1277][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2266 (10.2266)
Epoch:[1277][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3280 (10.2773)
Epoch:[1277][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6155 (10.0567)
Epoch:[1277][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0153 (10.0464)
Epoch:[1277][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8454 (10.0062)
Epoch:[1277][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4030 (10.0723)
Epoch:[1277][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6615 (10.1565)
Epoch:[1277][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4305 (10.1907)
Epoch:[1277][ 8/18]	Time 2.36 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4192 (10.2161)
Epoch:[1277][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8046 (10.1750)
Epoch:[1277][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0451 (10.1632)
Epoch:[1277][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2258 (10.1684)
Epoch:[1277][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9260 (10.1497)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6222939080870895  precision:  0.6526880173135449  f1:  0.5891486666488233 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.69493707 0.74411303 0.20309381 0.48025978]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7573982903064258  precision:  0.7716291729147607  f1:  0.7573187573201912 perclass recall:  [0.94941634 0.65208333 0.79017857 0.76870748 0.66582278 0.71498771
 0.79190751 0.72608258]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.706415330891176  precision:  0.7125348476494416  f1:  0.6976005992380507 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96195652 0.95813953 0.41412214 0.90151515 0.55583127]
Epoch:[1277][13/18]	Time 12.61 (2.64)	Data 10.50 (0.75)	Loss 10.5790 (10.1804)
Epoch:[1277][14/18]	Time 1.91 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.8550 (10.1587)
Epoch:[1277][15/18]	Time 1.93 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 10.2201 (10.1625)
Epoch:[1277][16/18]	Time 1.88 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 10.5849 (10.1874)
Epoch:[1277][17/18]	Time 1.86 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 10.2221 (10.1893)
epoch 1277 finished, takes 44.55620718002319 seconds
Epoch:[1278][ 0/18]	Time 2.30 (2.30)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6504 (10.6504)
Epoch:[1278][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3460 (10.4982)
Epoch:[1278][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0379 (10.3448)
Epoch:[1278][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2699 (10.3261)
Epoch:[1278][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3025 (10.3214)
Epoch:[1278][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5887 (10.1993)
Epoch:[1278][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0844 (10.1828)
Epoch:[1278][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3748 (10.2068)
Epoch:[1278][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9859 (10.1823)
Epoch:[1278][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2665 (10.1907)
Epoch:[1278][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6559 (10.1421)
Epoch:[1278][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8139 (10.1147)
Epoch:[1278][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9029 (10.0985)
Epoch:[1278][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5712 (10.0608)
Epoch:[1278][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0201 (10.0581)
Epoch:[1278][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1665 (10.0649)
Epoch:[1278][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7238 (10.0448)
Epoch:[1278][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1172 (10.0488)
epoch 1278 finished, takes 33.948436975479126 seconds
Epoch:[1279][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0293 (10.0293)
Epoch:[1279][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3522 (10.1908)
Epoch:[1279][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3860 (10.2559)
Epoch:[1279][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8124 (10.3950)
Epoch:[1279][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0888 (10.3337)
Epoch:[1279][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6535 (10.2204)
Epoch:[1279][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1463 (10.2098)
Epoch:[1279][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9017 (10.1713)
Epoch:[1279][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2093 (10.1755)
Epoch:[1279][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3048 (10.1884)
Epoch:[1279][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8017 (10.1533)
Epoch:[1279][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0872 (10.1478)
Epoch:[1279][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5655 (10.1030)
Epoch:[1279][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6499 (10.0706)
Epoch:[1279][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9692 (10.0639)
Epoch:[1279][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3959 (10.0846)
Epoch:[1279][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5264 (10.0518)
Epoch:[1279][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7044 (10.0325)
epoch 1279 finished, takes 33.8280987739563 seconds
Epoch:[1280][ 0/18]	Time 1.60 (1.60)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5416 (9.5416)
Epoch:[1280][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7831 (9.6624)
Epoch:[1280][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7417 (9.6888)
Epoch:[1280][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2616 (9.8320)
Epoch:[1280][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1461 (9.8948)
Epoch:[1280][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1723 (9.9411)
Epoch:[1280][ 6/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9936 (9.9486)
Epoch:[1280][ 7/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9077 (9.9435)
Epoch:[1280][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3612 (9.9899)
Epoch:[1280][ 9/18]	Time 2.22 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0552 (9.9964)
Epoch:[1280][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6501 (9.9649)
Epoch:[1280][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0222 (9.9697)
Epoch:[1280][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1231 (9.9815)
Epoch:[1280][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2103 (9.9978)
Epoch:[1280][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7073 (9.9785)
Epoch:[1280][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1820 (9.9912)
Epoch:[1280][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1219 (9.9989)
Epoch:[1280][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1649 (10.0081)
epoch 1280 finished, takes 34.14358067512512 seconds
Epoch:[1281][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9754 (9.9754)
Epoch:[1281][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3322 (10.1538)
Epoch:[1281][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0207 (10.1094)
Epoch:[1281][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9127 (10.0603)
Epoch:[1281][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4204 (10.1323)
Epoch:[1281][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1854 (10.1411)
Epoch:[1281][ 6/18]	Time 2.29 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6975 (10.2206)
Epoch:[1281][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1986 (10.2179)
Epoch:[1281][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0241 (10.1964)
Epoch:[1281][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9771 (10.1744)
Epoch:[1281][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2006 (10.1768)
Epoch:[1281][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6689 (10.2178)
Epoch:[1281][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0644 (10.2060)
Epoch:[1281][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1196 (10.1998)
Epoch:[1281][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9824 (10.1853)
Epoch:[1281][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2351 (10.1885)
Epoch:[1281][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7663 (10.1636)
Epoch:[1281][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7181 (10.1389)
epoch 1281 finished, takes 33.94081377983093 seconds
Epoch:[1282][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3700 (10.3700)
Epoch:[1282][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5884 (9.9792)
Epoch:[1282][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7057 (9.8880)
Epoch:[1282][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.2954 (10.2399)
Epoch:[1282][ 4/18]	Time 1.61 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2039 (10.2327)
Epoch:[1282][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9563 (10.1866)
Epoch:[1282][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2305 (10.1929)
Epoch:[1282][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3631 (10.2141)
Epoch:[1282][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1476 (10.2068)
Epoch:[1282][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6639 (10.1525)
Epoch:[1282][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3332 (10.1689)
Epoch:[1282][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2138 (10.1726)
Epoch:[1282][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7248 (10.1382)
Epoch:[1282][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0292 (10.1304)
Epoch:[1282][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4769 (10.0868)
Epoch:[1282][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1644 (10.0917)
Epoch:[1282][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3656 (10.1078)
Epoch:[1282][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1831 (10.1120)
epoch 1282 finished, takes 33.207149028778076 seconds
Epoch:[1283][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4408 (10.4408)
Epoch:[1283][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2329 (10.3368)
Epoch:[1283][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5655 (10.4130)
Epoch:[1283][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8507 (10.2725)
Epoch:[1283][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1225 (10.2425)
Epoch:[1283][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5969 (10.3015)
Epoch:[1283][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8328 (10.2346)
Epoch:[1283][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2637 (10.2382)
Epoch:[1283][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1150 (10.2245)
Epoch:[1283][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8737 (10.1894)
Epoch:[1283][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2491 (10.1949)
Epoch:[1283][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1367 (10.1900)
Epoch:[1283][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8437 (10.1634)
Epoch:[1283][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9174 (10.1458)
Epoch:[1283][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8945 (10.1957)
Epoch:[1283][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0514 (10.1867)
Epoch:[1283][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7988 (10.2227)
Epoch:[1283][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2438 (10.2239)
epoch 1283 finished, takes 34.3897340297699 seconds
Epoch:[1284][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3547 (10.3547)
Epoch:[1284][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2923 (10.3235)
Epoch:[1284][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7764 (10.1412)
Epoch:[1284][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3323 (10.1889)
Epoch:[1284][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2935 (10.2098)
Epoch:[1284][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7404 (10.1316)
Epoch:[1284][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1147 (10.1292)
Epoch:[1284][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2013 (10.1382)
Epoch:[1284][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1389 (10.1383)
Epoch:[1284][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0490 (10.1293)
Epoch:[1284][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8357 (10.1026)
Epoch:[1284][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7230 (10.0710)
Epoch:[1284][12/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1990 (10.0809)
Epoch:[1284][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0253 (10.0769)
Epoch:[1284][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4184 (10.0997)
Epoch:[1284][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1381 (10.1021)
Epoch:[1284][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7738 (10.0827)
Epoch:[1284][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9916 (10.0777)
epoch 1284 finished, takes 34.45423603057861 seconds
Epoch:[1285][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7117 (10.7117)
Epoch:[1285][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7748 (10.7433)
Epoch:[1285][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7069 (10.3978)
Epoch:[1285][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3081 (10.3754)
Epoch:[1285][ 4/18]	Time 2.27 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5105 (10.4024)
Epoch:[1285][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3786 (10.3984)
Epoch:[1285][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0768 (10.3525)
Epoch:[1285][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4079 (10.2344)
Epoch:[1285][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0148 (10.2100)
Epoch:[1285][ 9/18]	Time 2.30 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5711 (10.2461)
Epoch:[1285][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9834 (10.2222)
Epoch:[1285][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3481 (10.2327)
Epoch:[1285][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2964 (10.2376)
Epoch:[1285][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6132 (10.2645)
Epoch:[1285][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3011 (10.2669)
Epoch:[1285][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9342 (10.2461)
Epoch:[1285][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4937 (10.2607)
Epoch:[1285][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1119 (10.2524)
epoch 1285 finished, takes 34.14059853553772 seconds
Epoch:[1286][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6236 (9.6236)
Epoch:[1286][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7474 (9.6855)
Epoch:[1286][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2202 (9.8637)
Epoch:[1286][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3492 (9.9851)
Epoch:[1286][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0460 (9.9973)
Epoch:[1286][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2588 (10.0409)
Epoch:[1286][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9009 (10.0209)
Epoch:[1286][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9078 (10.0067)
Epoch:[1286][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3951 (10.0499)
Epoch:[1286][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3496 (10.0798)
Epoch:[1286][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1816 (10.0891)
Epoch:[1286][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2347 (10.1012)
Epoch:[1286][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6684 (10.1449)
Epoch:[1286][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9032 (10.1276)
Epoch:[1286][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1819 (10.1312)
Epoch:[1286][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5731 (10.1588)
Epoch:[1286][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3655 (10.1710)
Epoch:[1286][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5738 (10.1378)
epoch 1286 finished, takes 34.30568027496338 seconds
Epoch:[1287][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5872 (9.5872)
Epoch:[1287][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6483 (10.1178)
Epoch:[1287][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0707 (10.1021)
Epoch:[1287][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7170 (10.0058)
Epoch:[1287][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4359 (10.0918)
Epoch:[1287][ 5/18]	Time 1.59 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6439 (10.0172)
Epoch:[1287][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2247 (10.0468)
Epoch:[1287][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1236 (10.0564)
Epoch:[1287][ 8/18]	Time 2.10 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0681 (10.0577)
Epoch:[1287][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4820 (10.1001)
Epoch:[1287][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4065 (10.1280)
Epoch:[1287][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4885 (10.0747)
Epoch:[1287][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9746 (10.0670)
Epoch:[1287][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8155 (10.0490)
Epoch:[1287][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6922 (10.0253)
Epoch:[1287][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0781 (10.0286)
Epoch:[1287][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8161 (10.0161)
Epoch:[1287][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2452 (10.0288)
epoch 1287 finished, takes 33.20319151878357 seconds
Epoch:[1288][ 0/18]	Time 2.33 (2.33)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7902 (10.7902)
Epoch:[1288][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4005 (10.5954)
Epoch:[1288][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3418 (10.5108)
Epoch:[1288][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0074 (10.3850)
Epoch:[1288][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0431 (10.3166)
Epoch:[1288][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5701 (10.3588)
Epoch:[1288][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0921 (10.3207)
Epoch:[1288][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0262 (10.2839)
Epoch:[1288][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9708 (10.2491)
Epoch:[1288][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3637 (10.2606)
Epoch:[1288][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4785 (10.1895)
Epoch:[1288][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2387 (10.1936)
Epoch:[1288][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0264 (10.1807)
Epoch:[1288][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2753 (10.1875)
Epoch:[1288][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1281 (10.1835)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5881709628007135  precision:  0.627479963528453  f1:  0.5514453177835841 perclass recall:  [0.98859044 0.69479405 0.74489796 0.20459082 0.30798154]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7575366344453817  precision:  0.7730785751016511  f1:  0.7587165519758607 perclass recall:  [0.9539559  0.65416667 0.79464286 0.80045351 0.65316456 0.6977887
 0.76493256 0.74118832]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7105118823605144  precision:  0.7111277968045794  f1:  0.6999638561629702 perclass recall:  [0.46089385 0.96399457 0.96124031 0.42366412 0.9030303  0.55024814]
Epoch:[1288][15/18]	Time 12.77 (2.62)	Data 10.66 (0.67)	Loss 9.6959 (10.1531)
Epoch:[1288][16/18]	Time 1.67 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 9.6136 (10.1213)
Epoch:[1288][17/18]	Time 1.77 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.9265 (10.1105)
epoch 1288 finished, takes 45.429993867874146 seconds
Epoch:[1289][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6433 (9.6433)
Epoch:[1289][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9151 (9.7792)
Epoch:[1289][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9238 (9.8274)
Epoch:[1289][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4616 (9.9859)
Epoch:[1289][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9839 (9.9855)
Epoch:[1289][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8290 (9.9594)
Epoch:[1289][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1681 (9.9893)
Epoch:[1289][ 7/18]	Time 2.25 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0978 (10.0028)
Epoch:[1289][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5074 (10.0589)
Epoch:[1289][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4465 (10.0977)
Epoch:[1289][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1524 (10.1026)
Epoch:[1289][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1944 (10.1103)
Epoch:[1289][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0321 (10.1043)
Epoch:[1289][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6992 (10.0753)
Epoch:[1289][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3719 (10.0951)
Epoch:[1289][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4282 (10.1159)
Epoch:[1289][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5846 (10.1435)
Epoch:[1289][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1421 (10.1434)
epoch 1289 finished, takes 33.53918266296387 seconds
Epoch:[1290][ 0/18]	Time 1.68 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1298 (10.1298)
Epoch:[1290][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9163 (10.0230)
Epoch:[1290][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0978 (10.0480)
Epoch:[1290][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6317 (9.9439)
Epoch:[1290][ 4/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2028 (9.9957)
Epoch:[1290][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7641 (10.1238)
Epoch:[1290][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8987 (10.0916)
Epoch:[1290][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8588 (10.0625)
Epoch:[1290][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3191 (10.0910)
Epoch:[1290][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3712 (10.0190)
Epoch:[1290][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5723 (9.9784)
Epoch:[1290][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4591 (10.0185)
Epoch:[1290][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6198 (9.9878)
Epoch:[1290][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9452 (9.9848)
Epoch:[1290][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7625 (9.9699)
Epoch:[1290][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0772 (9.9767)
Epoch:[1290][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3294 (9.9974)
Epoch:[1290][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6479 (9.9780)
epoch 1290 finished, takes 33.41486644744873 seconds
Epoch:[1291][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1536 (10.1536)
Epoch:[1291][ 1/18]	Time 2.33 (2.13)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1532 (10.1534)
Epoch:[1291][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4006 (10.2358)
Epoch:[1291][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8965 (10.1510)
Epoch:[1291][ 4/18]	Time 1.61 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0049 (10.1218)
Epoch:[1291][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1265 (10.1226)
Epoch:[1291][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4301 (10.1665)
Epoch:[1291][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4916 (10.2071)
Epoch:[1291][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0028 (10.1844)
Epoch:[1291][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0917 (10.1752)
Epoch:[1291][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1834 (10.1759)
Epoch:[1291][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7041 (10.1366)
Epoch:[1291][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5415 (10.0908)
Epoch:[1291][13/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0579 (10.0885)
Epoch:[1291][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1044 (10.0895)
Epoch:[1291][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6208 (10.1227)
Epoch:[1291][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7211 (10.0991)
Epoch:[1291][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8197 (10.1391)
epoch 1291 finished, takes 33.58078193664551 seconds
Epoch:[1292][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5297 (9.5297)
Epoch:[1292][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4465 (9.4881)
Epoch:[1292][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4698 (9.8153)
Epoch:[1292][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0347 (9.8702)
Epoch:[1292][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9814 (9.8924)
Epoch:[1292][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2071 (9.9449)
Epoch:[1292][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2174 (9.9838)
Epoch:[1292][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3668 (10.0317)
Epoch:[1292][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4898 (10.0826)
Epoch:[1292][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9430 (10.0686)
Epoch:[1292][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7960 (10.0438)
Epoch:[1292][11/18]	Time 2.19 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1561 (10.0532)
Epoch:[1292][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0893 (10.0560)
Epoch:[1292][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1247 (10.0609)
Epoch:[1292][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5359 (10.0925)
Epoch:[1292][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7496 (10.0711)
Epoch:[1292][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2863 (10.0838)
Epoch:[1292][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1114 (10.0853)
epoch 1292 finished, takes 34.7058801651001 seconds
Epoch:[1293][ 0/18]	Time 2.19 (2.19)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8523 (9.8523)
Epoch:[1293][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0067 (9.9295)
Epoch:[1293][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5285 (9.7958)
Epoch:[1293][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1465 (9.8835)
Epoch:[1293][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3843 (9.7836)
Epoch:[1293][ 5/18]	Time 2.17 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5504 (9.7448)
Epoch:[1293][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1236 (9.7989)
Epoch:[1293][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2691 (9.8577)
Epoch:[1293][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0700 (9.8813)
Epoch:[1293][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0380 (9.8969)
Epoch:[1293][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8369 (9.8915)
Epoch:[1293][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2352 (9.9201)
Epoch:[1293][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1081 (9.9346)
Epoch:[1293][13/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1434 (9.9495)
Epoch:[1293][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1225 (9.9610)
Epoch:[1293][15/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7541 (9.9481)
Epoch:[1293][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0065 (9.9515)
Epoch:[1293][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7210 (9.9387)
epoch 1293 finished, takes 33.80894637107849 seconds
Epoch:[1294][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8629 (9.8629)
Epoch:[1294][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2569 (10.0599)
Epoch:[1294][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1323 (10.0840)
Epoch:[1294][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3283 (10.1451)
Epoch:[1294][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6714 (10.0504)
Epoch:[1294][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8669 (10.0198)
Epoch:[1294][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4017 (10.0743)
Epoch:[1294][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7493 (10.0337)
Epoch:[1294][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0897 (10.0399)
Epoch:[1294][ 9/18]	Time 1.55 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3396 (10.0699)
Epoch:[1294][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0634 (10.0693)
Epoch:[1294][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3485 (10.0926)
Epoch:[1294][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2767 (10.1067)
Epoch:[1294][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0848 (10.1052)
Epoch:[1294][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1899 (10.1108)
Epoch:[1294][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1087 (10.1107)
Epoch:[1294][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2926 (10.1214)
Epoch:[1294][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3129 (10.1320)
epoch 1294 finished, takes 33.65144324302673 seconds
Epoch:[1295][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0028 (10.0028)
Epoch:[1295][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8107 (10.4067)
Epoch:[1295][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4107 (10.4081)
Epoch:[1295][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4197 (10.1610)
Epoch:[1295][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0865 (10.1461)
Epoch:[1295][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3272 (10.1763)
Epoch:[1295][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4225 (10.2114)
Epoch:[1295][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1544 (10.2043)
Epoch:[1295][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4633 (10.2331)
Epoch:[1295][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1192 (10.2217)
Epoch:[1295][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1291 (10.2133)
Epoch:[1295][11/18]	Time 2.30 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8117 (10.2632)
Epoch:[1295][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0143 (10.2440)
Epoch:[1295][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9482 (10.2229)
Epoch:[1295][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9803 (10.2067)
Epoch:[1295][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7419 (10.1777)
Epoch:[1295][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2357 (10.1811)
Epoch:[1295][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1612 (10.1800)
epoch 1295 finished, takes 34.35397672653198 seconds
Epoch:[1296][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4316 (10.4316)
Epoch:[1296][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4663 (9.9490)
Epoch:[1296][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4264 (10.1081)
Epoch:[1296][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9167 (10.0602)
Epoch:[1296][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3791 (10.1240)
Epoch:[1296][ 5/18]	Time 1.62 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3936 (10.0023)
Epoch:[1296][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0369 (10.0072)
Epoch:[1296][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0552 (10.0132)
Epoch:[1296][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1167 (10.0247)
Epoch:[1296][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1791 (10.0402)
Epoch:[1296][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0511 (10.0412)
Epoch:[1296][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0014 (10.0378)
Epoch:[1296][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2505 (10.0542)
Epoch:[1296][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4362 (10.0815)
Epoch:[1296][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2441 (10.0923)
Epoch:[1296][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5571 (10.0589)
Epoch:[1296][16/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2472 (10.0699)
Epoch:[1296][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9622 (10.0640)
epoch 1296 finished, takes 34.1743528842926 seconds
Epoch:[1297][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8966 (9.8966)
Epoch:[1297][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2554 (10.0760)
Epoch:[1297][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8912 (10.0144)
Epoch:[1297][ 3/18]	Time 2.17 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0000 (10.0108)
Epoch:[1297][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1943 (10.0475)
Epoch:[1297][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8933 (10.0218)
Epoch:[1297][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5625 (9.9562)
Epoch:[1297][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2851 (9.9973)
Epoch:[1297][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2228 (10.0224)
Epoch:[1297][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1761 (10.0377)
Epoch:[1297][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2714 (10.0590)
Epoch:[1297][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0479 (10.0580)
Epoch:[1297][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1912 (10.0683)
Epoch:[1297][13/18]	Time 2.23 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8171 (10.1218)
Epoch:[1297][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8917 (10.1064)
Epoch:[1297][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5701 (10.0729)
Epoch:[1297][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5250 (10.0407)
Epoch:[1297][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5083 (10.0667)
epoch 1297 finished, takes 33.76811194419861 seconds
Epoch:[1298][ 0/18]	Time 2.14 (2.14)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5246 (10.5246)
Epoch:[1298][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3030 (10.4138)
Epoch:[1298][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1554 (10.3276)
Epoch:[1298][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0272 (10.2525)
Epoch:[1298][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8243 (10.1669)
Epoch:[1298][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9822 (10.1361)
Epoch:[1298][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0936 (10.1300)
Epoch:[1298][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0568 (10.1209)
Epoch:[1298][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0560 (10.1137)
Epoch:[1298][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9926 (10.1016)
Epoch:[1298][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6766 (10.0629)
Epoch:[1298][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9945 (10.0572)
Epoch:[1298][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5324 (10.0938)
Epoch:[1298][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4386 (10.1184)
Epoch:[1298][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4013 (10.1373)
Epoch:[1298][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0314 (10.1306)
Epoch:[1298][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2461 (10.1374)
Epoch:[1298][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5055 (10.1023)
epoch 1298 finished, takes 34.467501401901245 seconds
Epoch:[1299][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3838 (10.3838)
Epoch:[1299][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4532 (10.4185)
Epoch:[1299][ 2/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0734 (10.3035)
Epoch:[1299][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2606 (10.2928)
Epoch:[1299][ 4/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3837 (10.3109)
Epoch:[1299][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0547 (10.2682)
Epoch:[1299][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3643 (10.2820)
Epoch:[1299][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0460 (10.2525)
Epoch:[1299][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8755 (10.2106)
Epoch:[1299][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6247 (10.1520)
Epoch:[1299][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7026 (10.1111)
Epoch:[1299][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3923 (10.1346)
Epoch:[1299][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9446 (10.1200)
Epoch:[1299][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1831 (10.1245)
Epoch:[1299][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8992 (10.1094)
Epoch:[1299][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4164 (10.1286)
Epoch:[1299][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0046 (10.1213)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.588553409571818  precision:  0.628237582823252  f1:  0.5520349455010208 perclass recall:  [0.98835275 0.71209954 0.74568289 0.20625416 0.29037771]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7558532897520636  precision:  0.7728906257467796  f1:  0.7566625332199922 perclass recall:  [0.95071336 0.64583333 0.796875   0.76417234 0.68607595 0.71498771
 0.761079   0.72708963]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7100855078252218  precision:  0.7116208370616359  f1:  0.699748661205768 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96467391 0.96124031 0.42938931 0.90151515 0.5483871 ]
Epoch:[1299][17/18]	Time 12.41 (2.49)	Data 10.51 (0.58)	Loss 9.9009 (10.1091)
epoch 1299 finished, takes 44.87744617462158 seconds
Epoch:[1300][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1470 (10.1470)
Epoch:[1300][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2016 (10.1743)
Epoch:[1300][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8660 (10.0715)
Epoch:[1300][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3292 (10.1360)
Epoch:[1300][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2782 (10.1644)
Epoch:[1300][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8709 (10.1155)
Epoch:[1300][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2997 (10.1418)
Epoch:[1300][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0863 (10.1349)
Epoch:[1300][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6045 (10.1871)
Epoch:[1300][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9431 (10.1627)
Epoch:[1300][10/18]	Time 1.60 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7571 (10.1258)
Epoch:[1300][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0996 (10.1236)
Epoch:[1300][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9150 (10.1076)
Epoch:[1300][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1929 (10.1136)
Epoch:[1300][14/18]	Time 2.12 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2316 (10.1215)
Epoch:[1300][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1330 (10.1222)
Epoch:[1300][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0324 (10.1169)
Epoch:[1300][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7567 (10.0969)
epoch 1300 finished, takes 33.61808943748474 seconds
Epoch:[1301][ 0/18]	Time 2.10 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2566 (10.2566)
Epoch:[1301][ 1/18]	Time 2.16 (2.13)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2283 (10.2425)
Epoch:[1301][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6792 (10.0547)
Epoch:[1301][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6050 (10.1923)
Epoch:[1301][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8528 (10.1244)
Epoch:[1301][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1241 (10.1243)
Epoch:[1301][ 6/18]	Time 2.25 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0388 (10.1121)
Epoch:[1301][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4061 (10.1489)
Epoch:[1301][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2845 (10.1639)
Epoch:[1301][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0400 (10.1515)
Epoch:[1301][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7478 (10.1148)
Epoch:[1301][11/18]	Time 2.35 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9657 (10.1857)
Epoch:[1301][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9573 (10.1682)
Epoch:[1301][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6917 (10.1341)
Epoch:[1301][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8076 (10.1124)
Epoch:[1301][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4861 (10.1357)
Epoch:[1301][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9842 (10.1268)
Epoch:[1301][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5853 (10.1523)
epoch 1301 finished, takes 35.07896637916565 seconds
Epoch:[1302][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9971 (9.9971)
Epoch:[1302][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0124 (10.0048)
Epoch:[1302][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4658 (10.1584)
Epoch:[1302][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1214 (10.1492)
Epoch:[1302][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0097 (10.1213)
Epoch:[1302][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4721 (10.1797)
Epoch:[1302][ 6/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1478 (10.1752)
Epoch:[1302][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1996 (10.1782)
Epoch:[1302][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3461 (10.1969)
Epoch:[1302][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0427 (10.1815)
Epoch:[1302][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3344 (10.1045)
Epoch:[1302][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2256 (10.1145)
Epoch:[1302][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9862 (10.1047)
Epoch:[1302][13/18]	Time 2.27 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1474 (10.1077)
Epoch:[1302][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9915 (10.1000)
Epoch:[1302][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2473 (10.1092)
Epoch:[1302][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4518 (10.1293)
Epoch:[1302][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8561 (10.1142)
epoch 1302 finished, takes 34.06815528869629 seconds
Epoch:[1303][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5097 (9.5097)
Epoch:[1303][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0705 (9.7901)
Epoch:[1303][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8019 (9.7940)
Epoch:[1303][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1086 (9.8726)
Epoch:[1303][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2750 (9.9531)
Epoch:[1303][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6040 (9.8949)
Epoch:[1303][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7488 (9.8740)
Epoch:[1303][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3650 (9.9354)
Epoch:[1303][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2034 (9.9652)
Epoch:[1303][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9709 (9.9658)
Epoch:[1303][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2176 (9.9886)
Epoch:[1303][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5062 (10.0318)
Epoch:[1303][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0595 (10.0339)
Epoch:[1303][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3475 (10.0563)
Epoch:[1303][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9243 (10.0475)
Epoch:[1303][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1522 (10.0540)
Epoch:[1303][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9952 (10.0506)
Epoch:[1303][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1728 (10.0574)
epoch 1303 finished, takes 34.386956453323364 seconds
Epoch:[1304][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9112 (9.9112)
Epoch:[1304][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1771 (10.0441)
Epoch:[1304][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7605 (9.9496)
Epoch:[1304][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6745 (9.8808)
Epoch:[1304][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8150 (9.8677)
Epoch:[1304][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6955 (9.8390)
Epoch:[1304][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2085 (9.8918)
Epoch:[1304][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5261 (9.8460)
Epoch:[1304][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6877 (9.9396)
Epoch:[1304][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7302 (9.9186)
Epoch:[1304][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1478 (9.9395)
Epoch:[1304][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1801 (9.9595)
Epoch:[1304][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0994 (9.9703)
Epoch:[1304][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0377 (9.9751)
Epoch:[1304][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0793 (9.9820)
Epoch:[1304][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4822 (10.0133)
Epoch:[1304][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6305 (10.0496)
Epoch:[1304][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4377 (10.0712)
epoch 1304 finished, takes 34.09198069572449 seconds
Epoch:[1305][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4758 (10.4758)
Epoch:[1305][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0965 (10.2862)
Epoch:[1305][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1378 (10.2367)
Epoch:[1305][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7282 (10.1096)
Epoch:[1305][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9870 (10.0850)
Epoch:[1305][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1133 (10.0898)
Epoch:[1305][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0807 (10.0885)
Epoch:[1305][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1670 (10.0983)
Epoch:[1305][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0053 (10.0879)
Epoch:[1305][ 9/18]	Time 2.17 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2145 (10.1006)
Epoch:[1305][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2093 (10.1105)
Epoch:[1305][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7629 (10.0815)
Epoch:[1305][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7584 (10.0567)
Epoch:[1305][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7508 (10.0348)
Epoch:[1305][14/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3530 (10.0560)
Epoch:[1305][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3567 (10.0748)
Epoch:[1305][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5840 (10.0460)
Epoch:[1305][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3119 (10.0607)
epoch 1305 finished, takes 33.9609899520874 seconds
Epoch:[1306][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1420 (10.1420)
Epoch:[1306][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4607 (9.8013)
Epoch:[1306][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2148 (9.9392)
Epoch:[1306][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2367 (10.0135)
Epoch:[1306][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1545 (10.0417)
Epoch:[1306][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4381 (9.9411)
Epoch:[1306][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0883 (9.9621)
Epoch:[1306][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2573 (9.9990)
Epoch:[1306][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9667 (9.9954)
Epoch:[1306][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3767 (10.0336)
Epoch:[1306][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7981 (10.0122)
Epoch:[1306][11/18]	Time 2.21 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6684 (10.0669)
Epoch:[1306][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9737 (10.0597)
Epoch:[1306][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7510 (10.0376)
Epoch:[1306][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3384 (10.0577)
Epoch:[1306][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0676 (10.0583)
Epoch:[1306][16/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1317 (10.0626)
Epoch:[1306][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6039 (10.0371)
epoch 1306 finished, takes 33.67903780937195 seconds
Epoch:[1307][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1175 (10.1175)
Epoch:[1307][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6956 (9.9066)
Epoch:[1307][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3540 (10.0557)
Epoch:[1307][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9370 (10.0260)
Epoch:[1307][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2510 (10.0710)
Epoch:[1307][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1509 (10.0843)
Epoch:[1307][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9807 (10.0695)
Epoch:[1307][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1091 (10.0745)
Epoch:[1307][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4318 (10.0031)
Epoch:[1307][ 9/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2593 (10.0287)
Epoch:[1307][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8487 (10.0123)
Epoch:[1307][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0293 (10.0137)
Epoch:[1307][12/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0689 (10.0180)
Epoch:[1307][13/18]	Time 2.20 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9151 (10.0106)
Epoch:[1307][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7285 (9.9918)
Epoch:[1307][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3247 (10.0126)
Epoch:[1307][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3630 (10.0332)
Epoch:[1307][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0137 (10.0322)
epoch 1307 finished, takes 33.72344708442688 seconds
Epoch:[1308][ 0/18]	Time 2.17 (2.17)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5708 (9.5708)
Epoch:[1308][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6718 (10.1213)
Epoch:[1308][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2909 (9.8445)
Epoch:[1308][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3429 (9.9691)
Epoch:[1308][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6744 (10.1102)
Epoch:[1308][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2375 (10.1314)
Epoch:[1308][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9625 (10.1072)
Epoch:[1308][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3238 (10.1343)
Epoch:[1308][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5560 (10.0701)
Epoch:[1308][ 9/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8005 (10.1431)
Epoch:[1308][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0281 (10.1326)
Epoch:[1308][11/18]	Time 1.64 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6787 (10.0948)
Epoch:[1308][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5555 (10.0533)
Epoch:[1308][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1258 (10.0585)
Epoch:[1308][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0366 (10.0570)
Epoch:[1308][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3084 (10.0728)
Epoch:[1308][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7129 (10.1104)
Epoch:[1308][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2447 (10.1179)
epoch 1308 finished, takes 34.214919567108154 seconds
Epoch:[1309][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8859 (9.8859)
Epoch:[1309][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2903 (10.0881)
Epoch:[1309][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6394 (9.9385)
Epoch:[1309][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5039 (10.0799)
Epoch:[1309][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4605 (10.1560)
Epoch:[1309][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7787 (10.0931)
Epoch:[1309][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0200 (10.0827)
Epoch:[1309][ 7/18]	Time 2.21 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7386 (10.0397)
Epoch:[1309][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8866 (10.0227)
Epoch:[1309][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3079 (10.0512)
Epoch:[1309][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9085 (10.0382)
Epoch:[1309][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7286 (10.0957)
Epoch:[1309][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7930 (10.0724)
Epoch:[1309][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8130 (10.0539)
Epoch:[1309][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1795 (10.0623)
Epoch:[1309][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2681 (10.0752)
Epoch:[1309][16/18]	Time 1.59 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2790 (10.0283)
Epoch:[1309][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6743 (10.0642)
epoch 1309 finished, takes 34.52410101890564 seconds
Epoch:[1310][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3039 (10.3039)
Epoch:[1310][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9765 (10.1402)
Epoch:[1310][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8229 (10.3678)
Epoch:[1310][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2258 (10.3323)
Epoch:[1310][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5743 (10.3807)
Epoch:[1310][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1794 (10.3471)
Epoch:[1310][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9851 (10.2954)
Epoch:[1310][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8447 (10.2391)
Epoch:[1310][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8323 (10.1939)
Epoch:[1310][ 9/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4599 (10.1205)
Epoch:[1310][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8909 (10.0996)
Epoch:[1310][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9299 (10.0855)
Epoch:[1310][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0485 (10.0826)
Epoch:[1310][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8038 (10.0627)
Epoch:[1310][14/18]	Time 2.28 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8451 (10.0482)
Epoch:[1310][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0745 (10.0499)
Epoch:[1310][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8667 (10.0391)
Epoch:[1310][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3333 (10.0554)
epoch 1310 finished, takes 34.37325596809387 seconds
Epoch:[1311][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0699 (10.0699)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5897589573062719  precision:  0.6321292758005648  f1:  0.552781627537116 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.7271167  0.7433281  0.2089155  0.28131943]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7532664998173221  precision:  0.7699056901662009  f1:  0.7546577788406883 perclass recall:  [0.95201038 0.65833333 0.796875   0.76190476 0.68607595 0.6953317
 0.7495183  0.72608258]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7107118881965385  precision:  0.7139090917739842  f1:  0.701359922156857 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96467391 0.95968992 0.42938931 0.9        0.55521092]
Epoch:[1311][ 1/18]	Time 12.31 (7.13)	Data 10.26 (5.13)	Loss 10.3533 (10.2116)
Epoch:[1311][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (5.39)	Data 0.00 (3.42)	Loss 10.1104 (10.1779)
Epoch:[1311][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (4.47)	Data 0.00 (2.57)	Loss 9.9726 (10.1265)
Epoch:[1311][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (3.93)	Data 0.00 (2.05)	Loss 10.2424 (10.1497)
Epoch:[1311][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (3.57)	Data 0.00 (1.71)	Loss 9.9781 (10.1211)
Epoch:[1311][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (3.34)	Data 0.00 (1.47)	Loss 9.6681 (10.0564)
Epoch:[1311][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (3.14)	Data 0.00 (1.28)	Loss 9.9964 (10.0489)
Epoch:[1311][ 8/18]	Time 2.20 (3.04)	Data 0.00 (1.14)	Loss 10.2768 (10.0742)
Epoch:[1311][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (2.91)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.4465 (10.0115)
Epoch:[1311][10/18]	Time 2.03 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.93)	Loss 9.9841 (10.0090)
Epoch:[1311][11/18]	Time 2.06 (2.77)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.6482 (9.9789)
Epoch:[1311][12/18]	Time 1.89 (2.70)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.7511 (9.9614)
Epoch:[1311][13/18]	Time 1.81 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.73)	Loss 9.8627 (9.9543)
Epoch:[1311][14/18]	Time 1.74 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 10.1018 (9.9642)
Epoch:[1311][15/18]	Time 1.89 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 10.1122 (9.9734)
Epoch:[1311][16/18]	Time 1.96 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 9.9756 (9.9735)
Epoch:[1311][17/18]	Time 1.61 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 10.3495 (9.9944)
epoch 1311 finished, takes 44.108970403671265 seconds
Epoch:[1312][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2627 (10.2627)
Epoch:[1312][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3973 (10.3300)
Epoch:[1312][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3800 (10.3467)
Epoch:[1312][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8590 (10.2248)
Epoch:[1312][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9623 (10.1723)
Epoch:[1312][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7561 (10.1029)
Epoch:[1312][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1476 (10.1093)
Epoch:[1312][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4071 (10.1465)
Epoch:[1312][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4903 (10.1847)
Epoch:[1312][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5904 (10.2253)
Epoch:[1312][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7723 (10.1841)
Epoch:[1312][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8204 (10.1538)
Epoch:[1312][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0084 (10.1426)
Epoch:[1312][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1359 (10.1421)
Epoch:[1312][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5715 (10.1041)
Epoch:[1312][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9814 (10.0964)
Epoch:[1312][16/18]	Time 1.51 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5950 (10.0669)
Epoch:[1312][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5694 (10.0949)
epoch 1312 finished, takes 32.89466428756714 seconds
Epoch:[1313][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9513 (9.9513)
Epoch:[1313][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9157 (9.9335)
Epoch:[1313][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0246 (9.9639)
Epoch:[1313][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8566 (9.9371)
Epoch:[1313][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1458 (9.9788)
Epoch:[1313][ 5/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9233 (9.9696)
Epoch:[1313][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3200 (10.0196)
Epoch:[1313][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1863 (10.0405)
Epoch:[1313][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9489 (10.0303)
Epoch:[1313][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2221 (10.0495)
Epoch:[1313][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6392 (10.0122)
Epoch:[1313][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1955 (10.0275)
Epoch:[1313][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1251 (10.0350)
Epoch:[1313][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0684 (10.0374)
Epoch:[1313][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7949 (10.0212)
Epoch:[1313][15/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1982 (10.0323)
Epoch:[1313][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6397 (10.0092)
Epoch:[1313][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1707 (10.0181)
epoch 1313 finished, takes 33.8015923500061 seconds
Epoch:[1314][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4324 (9.4324)
Epoch:[1314][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0196 (9.7260)
Epoch:[1314][ 2/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1496 (9.8672)
Epoch:[1314][ 3/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1272 (9.9322)
Epoch:[1314][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9187 (9.9295)
Epoch:[1314][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6405 (9.8813)
Epoch:[1314][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2362 (9.9320)
Epoch:[1314][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8825 (9.9258)
Epoch:[1314][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2597 (9.9629)
Epoch:[1314][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0657 (9.9732)
Epoch:[1314][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4709 (9.9275)
Epoch:[1314][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7074 (9.9092)
Epoch:[1314][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9173 (9.9098)
Epoch:[1314][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3427 (9.9407)
Epoch:[1314][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0910 (9.9508)
Epoch:[1314][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5054 (9.9854)
Epoch:[1314][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2648 (10.0019)
Epoch:[1314][17/18]	Time 2.20 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1210 (10.0085)
epoch 1314 finished, takes 33.420637369155884 seconds
Epoch:[1315][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1710 (10.1710)
Epoch:[1315][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8428 (10.0069)
Epoch:[1315][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1862 (10.0667)
Epoch:[1315][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3885 (10.1471)
Epoch:[1315][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3456 (10.1868)
Epoch:[1315][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8935 (10.1379)
Epoch:[1315][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3581 (10.1694)
Epoch:[1315][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8128 (10.2498)
Epoch:[1315][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0821 (10.2312)
Epoch:[1315][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0176 (10.2098)
Epoch:[1315][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7311 (10.1663)
Epoch:[1315][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9458 (10.1479)
Epoch:[1315][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1720 (10.1498)
Epoch:[1315][13/18]	Time 1.54 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0430 (10.1421)
Epoch:[1315][14/18]	Time 2.12 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0340 (10.1349)
Epoch:[1315][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6301 (10.1659)
Epoch:[1315][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1093 (10.1626)
Epoch:[1315][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7007 (10.1369)
epoch 1315 finished, takes 33.419427156448364 seconds
Epoch:[1316][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8834 (9.8834)
Epoch:[1316][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8318 (9.8576)
Epoch:[1316][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8534 (9.8562)
Epoch:[1316][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2458 (9.9536)
Epoch:[1316][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9156 (9.9460)
Epoch:[1316][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0829 (9.9688)
Epoch:[1316][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7093 (9.9318)
Epoch:[1316][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2237 (9.9683)
Epoch:[1316][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1937 (9.9933)
Epoch:[1316][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3844 (10.0324)
Epoch:[1316][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8143 (10.0126)
Epoch:[1316][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7022 (9.9867)
Epoch:[1316][12/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5678 (9.9545)
Epoch:[1316][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1317 (9.9672)
Epoch:[1316][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0585 (9.9732)
Epoch:[1316][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5047 (10.0065)
Epoch:[1316][16/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1203 (10.0132)
Epoch:[1316][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9856 (10.0116)
epoch 1316 finished, takes 33.84783315658569 seconds
Epoch:[1317][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8081 (9.8081)
Epoch:[1317][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1047 (9.9564)
Epoch:[1317][ 2/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4347 (10.1158)
Epoch:[1317][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1555 (10.1257)
Epoch:[1317][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8251 (10.0656)
Epoch:[1317][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1933 (10.0869)
Epoch:[1317][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5416 (10.1519)
Epoch:[1317][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2422 (10.1632)
Epoch:[1317][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9502 (10.1395)
Epoch:[1317][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3978 (10.1653)
Epoch:[1317][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7739 (10.1297)
Epoch:[1317][11/18]	Time 1.62 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7910 (10.1015)
Epoch:[1317][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8771 (10.1612)
Epoch:[1317][13/18]	Time 2.17 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0095 (10.1503)
Epoch:[1317][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0511 (10.1437)
Epoch:[1317][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0451 (10.1376)
Epoch:[1317][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2618 (10.1449)
Epoch:[1317][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8503 (10.1285)
epoch 1317 finished, takes 34.530102252960205 seconds
Epoch:[1318][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1076 (10.1076)
Epoch:[1318][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0391 (10.0734)
Epoch:[1318][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9585 (10.0351)
Epoch:[1318][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6687 (10.1935)
Epoch:[1318][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6682 (10.0884)
Epoch:[1318][ 5/18]	Time 2.21 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6283 (10.1784)
Epoch:[1318][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0519 (10.1603)
Epoch:[1318][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7841 (10.1133)
Epoch:[1318][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8628 (10.0855)
Epoch:[1318][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9744 (10.0744)
Epoch:[1318][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9552 (10.0635)
Epoch:[1318][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5639 (10.0219)
Epoch:[1318][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1194 (10.0294)
Epoch:[1318][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5657 (10.0677)
Epoch:[1318][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9600 (10.0605)
Epoch:[1318][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5484 (10.0285)
Epoch:[1318][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5592 (10.0597)
Epoch:[1318][17/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6863 (10.0945)
epoch 1318 finished, takes 34.021913051605225 seconds
Epoch:[1319][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0125 (10.0125)
Epoch:[1319][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6800 (9.8463)
Epoch:[1319][ 2/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9203 (9.8710)
Epoch:[1319][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1323 (9.9363)
Epoch:[1319][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6525 (9.8795)
Epoch:[1319][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7536 (9.8586)
Epoch:[1319][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9523 (9.8720)
Epoch:[1319][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9687 (9.8840)
Epoch:[1319][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5712 (9.8493)
Epoch:[1319][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7620 (9.8406)
Epoch:[1319][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8878 (9.8449)
Epoch:[1319][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2549 (9.8790)
Epoch:[1319][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4975 (9.8497)
Epoch:[1319][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7126 (9.8399)
Epoch:[1319][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3374 (9.8731)
Epoch:[1319][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8402 (9.8710)
Epoch:[1319][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2763 (9.8948)
Epoch:[1319][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2735 (9.9159)
epoch 1319 finished, takes 33.29329442977905 seconds
Epoch:[1320][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0756 (10.0756)
Epoch:[1320][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0574 (10.0665)
Epoch:[1320][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6487 (9.9272)
Epoch:[1320][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0957 (9.9694)
Epoch:[1320][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4093 (10.0573)
Epoch:[1320][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8582 (10.0242)
Epoch:[1320][ 6/18]	Time 1.64 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7728 (9.9882)
Epoch:[1320][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8304 (9.9685)
Epoch:[1320][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2483 (9.9996)
Epoch:[1320][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6509 (9.9647)
Epoch:[1320][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6012 (9.9317)
Epoch:[1320][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5935 (9.9035)
Epoch:[1320][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5904 (9.9563)
Epoch:[1320][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9794 (9.9580)
Epoch:[1320][14/18]	Time 2.27 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8613 (9.9515)
Epoch:[1320][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1440 (9.9636)
Epoch:[1320][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0779 (9.9703)
Epoch:[1320][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0747 (9.9761)
epoch 1320 finished, takes 33.14445734024048 seconds
Epoch:[1321][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8161 (9.8161)
Epoch:[1321][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8142 (9.8151)
Epoch:[1321][ 2/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5313 (10.0539)
Epoch:[1321][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5223 (10.1710)
Epoch:[1321][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9711 (10.1310)
Epoch:[1321][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0669 (10.1203)
Epoch:[1321][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1435 (10.1236)
Epoch:[1321][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7796 (10.0806)
Epoch:[1321][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7691 (10.0460)
Epoch:[1321][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3013 (10.0715)
Epoch:[1321][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8041 (10.0472)
Epoch:[1321][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9101 (10.0358)
Epoch:[1321][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1938 (10.0480)
Epoch:[1321][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3648 (10.0706)
Epoch:[1321][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9325 (10.0614)
Epoch:[1321][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2160 (10.0710)
Epoch:[1321][16/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8473 (10.0579)
Epoch:[1321][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1046 (10.0605)
epoch 1321 finished, takes 34.16816210746765 seconds
Epoch:[1322][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8457 (9.8457)
Epoch:[1322][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0323 (9.9390)
Epoch:[1322][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0762 (9.9848)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5927081906452493  precision:  0.6345407096907155  f1:  0.5568543969783151 perclass recall:  [0.98763965 0.72654462 0.74489796 0.21373919 0.29071954]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7523944175510944  precision:  0.766852154062788  f1:  0.7529447778318679 perclass recall:  [0.95265888 0.65       0.79464286 0.72562358 0.7164557  0.69287469
 0.76685934 0.72004028]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7108494066747083  precision:  0.712769822860666  f1:  0.7004995250057373 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96535326 0.95968992 0.42557252 0.9030303  0.55334988]
Epoch:[1322][ 3/18]	Time 12.45 (4.49)	Data 10.63 (2.66)	Loss 9.6292 (9.8959)
Epoch:[1322][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (3.92)	Data 0.00 (2.13)	Loss 9.6951 (9.8557)
Epoch:[1322][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (3.57)	Data 0.00 (1.77)	Loss 10.2277 (9.9177)
Epoch:[1322][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (3.31)	Data 0.00 (1.52)	Loss 10.1947 (9.9573)
Epoch:[1322][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (3.12)	Data 0.00 (1.33)	Loss 9.8717 (9.9466)
Epoch:[1322][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (3.00)	Data 0.00 (1.18)	Loss 10.1018 (9.9638)
Epoch:[1322][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (2.89)	Data 0.00 (1.06)	Loss 10.3716 (10.0046)
Epoch:[1322][10/18]	Time 1.96 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.97)	Loss 9.9281 (9.9977)
Epoch:[1322][11/18]	Time 1.83 (2.72)	Data 0.00 (0.89)	Loss 9.8167 (9.9826)
Epoch:[1322][12/18]	Time 1.68 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 9.3515 (9.9340)
Epoch:[1322][13/18]	Time 1.95 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 10.2195 (9.9544)
Epoch:[1322][14/18]	Time 1.94 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 9.8549 (9.9478)
Epoch:[1322][15/18]	Time 1.97 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 10.6310 (9.9905)
Epoch:[1322][16/18]	Time 1.94 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 9.6724 (9.9718)
Epoch:[1322][17/18]	Time 1.78 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.7240 (9.9580)
epoch 1322 finished, takes 43.931007623672485 seconds
Epoch:[1323][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7261 (9.7261)
Epoch:[1323][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8047 (9.7654)
Epoch:[1323][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8923 (9.8077)
Epoch:[1323][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9139 (9.8343)
Epoch:[1323][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0459 (9.8766)
Epoch:[1323][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6626 (9.8409)
Epoch:[1323][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8813 (9.8467)
Epoch:[1323][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0994 (9.8783)
Epoch:[1323][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7980 (9.8694)
Epoch:[1323][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4441 (9.9268)
Epoch:[1323][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9386 (9.9279)
Epoch:[1323][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7004 (9.9089)
Epoch:[1323][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3188 (9.9405)
Epoch:[1323][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2899 (9.9654)
Epoch:[1323][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2487 (9.9843)
Epoch:[1323][15/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1119 (9.9923)
Epoch:[1323][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2367 (10.0067)
Epoch:[1323][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2941 (10.0226)
epoch 1323 finished, takes 34.14153075218201 seconds
Epoch:[1324][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1907 (10.1907)
Epoch:[1324][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2906 (10.2406)
Epoch:[1324][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4112 (10.2975)
Epoch:[1324][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7394 (10.1580)
Epoch:[1324][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0518 (10.1368)
Epoch:[1324][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7268 (10.0684)
Epoch:[1324][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1872 (10.0854)
Epoch:[1324][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5955 (10.0242)
Epoch:[1324][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3765 (10.0633)
Epoch:[1324][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9632 (10.0533)
Epoch:[1324][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8520 (10.0350)
Epoch:[1324][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0523 (10.0364)
Epoch:[1324][12/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8155 (10.0195)
Epoch:[1324][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3202 (9.9695)
Epoch:[1324][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8883 (9.9641)
Epoch:[1324][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0873 (9.9718)
Epoch:[1324][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5376 (10.0051)
Epoch:[1324][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6113 (9.9832)
epoch 1324 finished, takes 33.70696830749512 seconds
Epoch:[1325][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2101 (10.2101)
Epoch:[1325][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0451 (10.1276)
Epoch:[1325][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9680 (10.0744)
Epoch:[1325][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8113 (10.0086)
Epoch:[1325][ 4/18]	Time 2.15 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9417 (9.9952)
Epoch:[1325][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9095 (9.9810)
Epoch:[1325][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2030 (10.0127)
Epoch:[1325][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3458 (10.0543)
Epoch:[1325][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2271 (10.0735)
Epoch:[1325][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2335 (10.0895)
Epoch:[1325][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4933 (10.1262)
Epoch:[1325][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0170 (10.1171)
Epoch:[1325][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1317 (10.1182)
Epoch:[1325][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6871 (10.0874)
Epoch:[1325][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0663 (10.0860)
Epoch:[1325][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1247 (10.0885)
Epoch:[1325][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6666 (10.0636)
Epoch:[1325][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2832 (10.0758)
epoch 1325 finished, takes 34.977555990219116 seconds
Epoch:[1326][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9447 (9.9447)
Epoch:[1326][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7198 (9.8322)
Epoch:[1326][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1179 (9.9275)
Epoch:[1326][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6940 (9.8691)
Epoch:[1326][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1171 (9.9187)
Epoch:[1326][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7134 (9.8845)
Epoch:[1326][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7372 (9.8634)
Epoch:[1326][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5485 (9.8241)
Epoch:[1326][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5724 (9.7961)
Epoch:[1326][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2250 (9.8390)
Epoch:[1326][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7786 (9.8335)
Epoch:[1326][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0610 (9.8525)
Epoch:[1326][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2579 (9.8836)
Epoch:[1326][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9618 (9.8892)
Epoch:[1326][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1774 (9.9084)
Epoch:[1326][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7014 (9.8955)
Epoch:[1326][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3432 (9.9218)
Epoch:[1326][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9567 (9.9238)
epoch 1326 finished, takes 33.998372316360474 seconds
Epoch:[1327][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8705 (9.8705)
Epoch:[1327][ 1/18]	Time 1.56 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6869 (9.7787)
Epoch:[1327][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6351 (9.7308)
Epoch:[1327][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1720 (9.8411)
Epoch:[1327][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3114 (9.9352)
Epoch:[1327][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9526 (9.9381)
Epoch:[1327][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7379 (9.9095)
Epoch:[1327][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1281 (9.9368)
Epoch:[1327][ 8/18]	Time 2.17 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7923 (9.9208)
Epoch:[1327][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7244 (9.9011)
Epoch:[1327][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1751 (9.9260)
Epoch:[1327][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8552 (9.9201)
Epoch:[1327][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0930 (9.9334)
Epoch:[1327][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7177 (9.9180)
Epoch:[1327][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0094 (9.9241)
Epoch:[1327][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8151 (9.9173)
Epoch:[1327][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6160 (9.9584)
Epoch:[1327][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9772 (9.9594)
epoch 1327 finished, takes 33.17566180229187 seconds
Epoch:[1328][ 0/18]	Time 2.12 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2517 (10.2517)
Epoch:[1328][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7498 (10.0007)
Epoch:[1328][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0530 (10.0182)
Epoch:[1328][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9331 (9.9969)
Epoch:[1328][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1497 (10.0274)
Epoch:[1328][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8850 (10.0037)
Epoch:[1328][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8810 (9.9862)
Epoch:[1328][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8801 (9.9729)
Epoch:[1328][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0132 (9.9774)
Epoch:[1328][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2521 (10.0049)
Epoch:[1328][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5017 (9.9591)
Epoch:[1328][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9995 (9.9625)
Epoch:[1328][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1540 (9.9772)
Epoch:[1328][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6051 (9.9506)
Epoch:[1328][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4121 (9.9814)
Epoch:[1328][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2602 (9.9988)
Epoch:[1328][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8878 (9.9923)
Epoch:[1328][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0565 (9.9959)
epoch 1328 finished, takes 34.11315441131592 seconds
Epoch:[1329][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2203 (10.2203)
Epoch:[1329][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6162 (9.9182)
Epoch:[1329][ 2/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1474 (9.9946)
Epoch:[1329][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3532 (9.8343)
Epoch:[1329][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1016 (9.8877)
Epoch:[1329][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5681 (9.8345)
Epoch:[1329][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2967 (9.9005)
Epoch:[1329][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9510 (9.9068)
Epoch:[1329][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0221 (9.9196)
Epoch:[1329][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5634 (9.9840)
Epoch:[1329][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0079 (9.9862)
Epoch:[1329][11/18]	Time 1.59 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4843 (9.9443)
Epoch:[1329][12/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3168 (9.9730)
Epoch:[1329][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1088 (9.9827)
Epoch:[1329][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6111 (10.0246)
Epoch:[1329][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7949 (10.0102)
Epoch:[1329][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3552 (10.0305)
Epoch:[1329][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0488 (10.0315)
epoch 1329 finished, takes 34.03267812728882 seconds
Epoch:[1330][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5813 (9.5813)
Epoch:[1330][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3895 (9.9854)
Epoch:[1330][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1139 (10.0282)
Epoch:[1330][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4974 (10.1455)
Epoch:[1330][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9915 (10.1147)
Epoch:[1330][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8017 (10.0626)
Epoch:[1330][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7456 (10.0173)
Epoch:[1330][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3173 (10.0548)
Epoch:[1330][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1800 (10.0687)
Epoch:[1330][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8694 (10.0488)
Epoch:[1330][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7735 (10.0237)
Epoch:[1330][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2217 (10.0402)
Epoch:[1330][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7937 (10.0213)
Epoch:[1330][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4351 (10.0508)
Epoch:[1330][14/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2030 (10.0610)
Epoch:[1330][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4856 (10.0875)
Epoch:[1330][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2347 (10.0962)
Epoch:[1330][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5693 (10.1225)
epoch 1330 finished, takes 34.23057413101196 seconds
Epoch:[1331][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1158 (10.1158)
Epoch:[1331][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8499 (9.9828)
Epoch:[1331][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9443 (9.9700)
Epoch:[1331][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3314 (10.0603)
Epoch:[1331][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8273 (10.0137)
Epoch:[1331][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9226 (9.9986)
Epoch:[1331][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7587 (9.9643)
Epoch:[1331][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1774 (9.9909)
Epoch:[1331][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8679 (9.9773)
Epoch:[1331][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6888 (9.9484)
Epoch:[1331][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0543 (9.9580)
Epoch:[1331][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1895 (9.9773)
Epoch:[1331][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0309 (9.9815)
Epoch:[1331][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5549 (10.0224)
Epoch:[1331][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2475 (10.0374)
Epoch:[1331][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4943 (10.0660)
Epoch:[1331][16/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7986 (10.0502)
Epoch:[1331][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7383 (10.0885)
epoch 1331 finished, takes 34.35385751724243 seconds
Epoch:[1332][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6166 (9.6166)
Epoch:[1332][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7142 (9.6654)
Epoch:[1332][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7700 (9.7003)
Epoch:[1332][ 3/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0310 (9.7830)
Epoch:[1332][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4986 (9.9261)
Epoch:[1332][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7321 (9.8938)
Epoch:[1332][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9129 (9.8965)
Epoch:[1332][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6935 (9.8711)
Epoch:[1332][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0369 (9.8895)
Epoch:[1332][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3503 (9.9356)
Epoch:[1332][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2477 (9.9640)
Epoch:[1332][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7619 (9.9472)
Epoch:[1332][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4368 (9.9079)
Epoch:[1332][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7032 (9.8933)
Epoch:[1332][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1419 (9.9098)
Epoch:[1332][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2500 (9.9311)
Epoch:[1332][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1795 (9.9457)
Epoch:[1332][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3280 (9.9670)
epoch 1332 finished, takes 34.421706199645996 seconds
Epoch:[1333][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0578 (10.0578)
Epoch:[1333][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1869 (10.1223)
Epoch:[1333][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4003 (10.2150)
Epoch:[1333][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9320 (10.1442)
Epoch:[1333][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3213 (10.1797)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5841661238919742  precision:  0.6318779364310971  f1:  0.5445336673643779 perclass recall:  [0.98740195 0.7346968  0.74489796 0.20259481 0.2512391 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7490218652795589  precision:  0.7658439568590723  f1:  0.7501578346927575 perclass recall:  [0.95849546 0.62708333 0.79017857 0.75736961 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.76685934 0.70594159]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7125785813123883  precision:  0.7131452851338101  f1:  0.7016450300122529 perclass recall:  [0.46927374 0.96467391 0.95968992 0.42366412 0.90606061 0.55210918]
Epoch:[1333][ 5/18]	Time 12.29 (3.66)	Data 10.35 (1.73)	Loss 9.8698 (10.1280)
Epoch:[1333][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (3.42)	Data 0.00 (1.48)	Loss 10.1252 (10.1276)
Epoch:[1333][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (3.22)	Data 0.00 (1.30)	Loss 9.8196 (10.0891)
Epoch:[1333][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (3.08)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.6969 (10.0455)
Epoch:[1333][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (2.96)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 9.7846 (10.0194)
Epoch:[1333][10/18]	Time 2.13 (2.88)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 10.3733 (10.0516)
Epoch:[1333][11/18]	Time 1.69 (2.78)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.9219 (10.0408)
Epoch:[1333][12/18]	Time 1.93 (2.72)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.9990 (10.0376)
Epoch:[1333][13/18]	Time 1.51 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.5761 (10.0046)
Epoch:[1333][14/18]	Time 1.98 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.1626 (10.0152)
Epoch:[1333][15/18]	Time 2.04 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.2612 (10.0305)
Epoch:[1333][16/18]	Time 1.83 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.0287 (10.0304)
Epoch:[1333][17/18]	Time 2.05 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.9984 (10.0287)
epoch 1333 finished, takes 44.7223002910614 seconds
Epoch:[1334][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3216 (10.3216)
Epoch:[1334][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0705 (10.1960)
Epoch:[1334][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1321 (10.1747)
Epoch:[1334][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1613 (10.1714)
Epoch:[1334][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1610 (10.1693)
Epoch:[1334][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3338 (10.1967)
Epoch:[1334][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0716 (10.1788)
Epoch:[1334][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6007 (10.1066)
Epoch:[1334][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1083 (10.1068)
Epoch:[1334][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0777 (10.1039)
Epoch:[1334][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0895 (10.1025)
Epoch:[1334][11/18]	Time 1.63 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8764 (10.0837)
Epoch:[1334][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5644 (10.0438)
Epoch:[1334][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0086 (10.0412)
Epoch:[1334][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8477 (10.0283)
Epoch:[1334][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9461 (10.0232)
Epoch:[1334][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7968 (10.0099)
Epoch:[1334][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2115 (10.0211)
epoch 1334 finished, takes 33.788615465164185 seconds
Epoch:[1335][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8579 (9.8579)
Epoch:[1335][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3760 (10.1170)
Epoch:[1335][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9365 (10.0568)
Epoch:[1335][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6380 (9.9521)
Epoch:[1335][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1516 (9.9920)
Epoch:[1335][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0053 (9.9942)
Epoch:[1335][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7460 (9.9588)
Epoch:[1335][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4414 (10.0191)
Epoch:[1335][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1717 (10.0361)
Epoch:[1335][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2132 (10.0538)
Epoch:[1335][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9589 (10.0451)
Epoch:[1335][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8665 (10.0303)
Epoch:[1335][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8399 (10.0156)
Epoch:[1335][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7009 (9.9931)
Epoch:[1335][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0181 (9.9948)
Epoch:[1335][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7148 (9.9773)
Epoch:[1335][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6352 (9.9572)
Epoch:[1335][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1322 (9.9669)
epoch 1335 finished, takes 33.48898220062256 seconds
Epoch:[1336][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4127 (10.4127)
Epoch:[1336][ 1/18]	Time 2.29 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4316 (10.4222)
Epoch:[1336][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8351 (10.2265)
Epoch:[1336][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9281 (10.1519)
Epoch:[1336][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0385 (10.1292)
Epoch:[1336][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0650 (10.1185)
Epoch:[1336][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9450 (10.0937)
Epoch:[1336][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1133 (10.0962)
Epoch:[1336][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9580 (10.0808)
Epoch:[1336][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5918 (10.0319)
Epoch:[1336][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5235 (10.0766)
Epoch:[1336][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8343 (10.1397)
Epoch:[1336][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7420 (10.1092)
Epoch:[1336][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4730 (10.1351)
Epoch:[1336][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4859 (10.0919)
Epoch:[1336][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0060 (10.0865)
Epoch:[1336][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1177 (10.0883)
Epoch:[1336][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1989 (10.0945)
epoch 1336 finished, takes 33.96760368347168 seconds
Epoch:[1337][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9918 (9.9918)
Epoch:[1337][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0363 (10.0141)
Epoch:[1337][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1342 (10.0541)
Epoch:[1337][ 3/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8476 (10.0025)
Epoch:[1337][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4036 (10.0827)
Epoch:[1337][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1338 (10.0912)
Epoch:[1337][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8233 (10.0529)
Epoch:[1337][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9351 (10.0382)
Epoch:[1337][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5059 (9.9791)
Epoch:[1337][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6407 (9.9452)
Epoch:[1337][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2933 (9.9769)
Epoch:[1337][11/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1531 (9.9916)
Epoch:[1337][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2841 (10.0141)
Epoch:[1337][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0135 (10.0140)
Epoch:[1337][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9486 (10.0097)
Epoch:[1337][15/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3007 (10.0279)
Epoch:[1337][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4760 (10.0542)
Epoch:[1337][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6237 (10.0303)
epoch 1337 finished, takes 33.33915042877197 seconds
Epoch:[1338][ 0/18]	Time 2.25 (2.25)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3582 (10.3582)
Epoch:[1338][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0489 (10.2036)
Epoch:[1338][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6578 (10.0216)
Epoch:[1338][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6819 (10.1867)
Epoch:[1338][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2511 (10.1996)
Epoch:[1338][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0469 (10.1741)
Epoch:[1338][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2303 (10.1822)
Epoch:[1338][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8609 (10.1420)
Epoch:[1338][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6227 (10.0843)
Epoch:[1338][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3030 (10.1062)
Epoch:[1338][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4337 (10.1360)
Epoch:[1338][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3632 (10.1549)
Epoch:[1338][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7723 (10.1255)
Epoch:[1338][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7640 (10.0996)
Epoch:[1338][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1844 (10.1053)
Epoch:[1338][15/18]	Time 2.26 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4916 (10.1294)
Epoch:[1338][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5894 (10.1565)
Epoch:[1338][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2363 (10.1609)
epoch 1338 finished, takes 34.01889419555664 seconds
Epoch:[1339][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2469 (10.2469)
Epoch:[1339][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6688 (9.9578)
Epoch:[1339][ 2/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6278 (10.1811)
Epoch:[1339][ 3/18]	Time 2.12 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7300 (10.3183)
Epoch:[1339][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4304 (10.3408)
Epoch:[1339][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1028 (10.3011)
Epoch:[1339][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1947 (10.2859)
Epoch:[1339][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7420 (10.2179)
Epoch:[1339][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6308 (10.1527)
Epoch:[1339][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5054 (10.0879)
Epoch:[1339][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1681 (10.0952)
Epoch:[1339][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8651 (10.0761)
Epoch:[1339][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0215 (10.0719)
Epoch:[1339][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1104 (10.0746)
Epoch:[1339][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1608 (10.0804)
Epoch:[1339][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2922 (10.0936)
Epoch:[1339][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2351 (10.1019)
Epoch:[1339][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0560 (10.0994)
epoch 1339 finished, takes 34.57269334793091 seconds
Epoch:[1340][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7108 (9.7108)
Epoch:[1340][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9603 (9.8356)
Epoch:[1340][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0043 (9.8918)
Epoch:[1340][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9291 (9.9011)
Epoch:[1340][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8894 (9.8988)
Epoch:[1340][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3281 (9.9703)
Epoch:[1340][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1053 (9.9896)
Epoch:[1340][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2072 (10.0168)
Epoch:[1340][ 8/18]	Time 1.54 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0932 (10.0253)
Epoch:[1340][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6289 (9.9857)
Epoch:[1340][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1409 (9.9998)
Epoch:[1340][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7434 (9.9784)
Epoch:[1340][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2970 (10.0029)
Epoch:[1340][13/18]	Time 1.64 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0413 (10.0056)
Epoch:[1340][14/18]	Time 2.25 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8849 (9.9976)
Epoch:[1340][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3521 (10.0198)
Epoch:[1340][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6760 (9.9995)
Epoch:[1340][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1520 (10.0080)
epoch 1340 finished, takes 33.19110345840454 seconds
Epoch:[1341][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1635 (10.1635)
Epoch:[1341][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8654 (10.0144)
Epoch:[1341][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0558 (10.0282)
Epoch:[1341][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6001 (10.1712)
Epoch:[1341][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4136 (10.2197)
Epoch:[1341][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3537 (10.2420)
Epoch:[1341][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8450 (10.1853)
Epoch:[1341][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5971 (10.1118)
Epoch:[1341][ 8/18]	Time 2.15 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2238 (10.1242)
Epoch:[1341][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9860 (10.1104)
Epoch:[1341][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5684 (10.1520)
Epoch:[1341][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8388 (10.1259)
Epoch:[1341][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3286 (10.1415)
Epoch:[1341][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6776 (10.1084)
Epoch:[1341][14/18]	Time 1.59 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6206 (10.0759)
Epoch:[1341][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9507 (10.0681)
Epoch:[1341][16/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8757 (10.0567)
Epoch:[1341][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8698 (10.0464)
epoch 1341 finished, takes 34.2147798538208 seconds
Epoch:[1342][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5294 (9.5294)
Epoch:[1342][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7141 (9.6218)
Epoch:[1342][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2011 (9.8149)
Epoch:[1342][ 3/18]	Time 2.18 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8704 (9.8287)
Epoch:[1342][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5741 (9.7778)
Epoch:[1342][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6743 (9.7606)
Epoch:[1342][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2533 (9.8309)
Epoch:[1342][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6208 (9.9297)
Epoch:[1342][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1960 (9.9593)
Epoch:[1342][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7853 (9.9419)
Epoch:[1342][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6070 (9.9114)
Epoch:[1342][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2536 (9.9399)
Epoch:[1342][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0666 (9.9497)
Epoch:[1342][13/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1798 (9.9661)
Epoch:[1342][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4315 (9.9972)
Epoch:[1342][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5635 (9.9700)
Epoch:[1342][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0779 (9.9764)
Epoch:[1342][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3944 (9.9996)
epoch 1342 finished, takes 34.03518724441528 seconds
Epoch:[1343][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9982 (9.9982)
Epoch:[1343][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0130 (10.0056)
Epoch:[1343][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1530 (10.0547)
Epoch:[1343][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2273 (10.0979)
Epoch:[1343][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0898 (10.0963)
Epoch:[1343][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6587 (10.1900)
Epoch:[1343][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9500 (10.1557)
Epoch:[1343][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5733 (10.0829)
Epoch:[1343][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2842 (10.1053)
Epoch:[1343][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4752 (10.1423)
Epoch:[1343][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0461 (10.1335)
Epoch:[1343][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3832 (10.0710)
Epoch:[1343][12/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0931 (10.0727)
Epoch:[1343][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0076 (10.0681)
Epoch:[1343][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6997 (10.0435)
Epoch:[1343][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9206 (10.0358)
Epoch:[1343][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4652 (10.0022)
Epoch:[1343][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4513 (9.9716)
epoch 1343 finished, takes 34.00895094871521 seconds
Epoch:[1344][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3805 (10.3805)
Epoch:[1344][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3931 (10.3868)
Epoch:[1344][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2977 (10.3571)
Epoch:[1344][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0803 (10.2879)
Epoch:[1344][ 4/18]	Time 1.62 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7853 (10.1874)
Epoch:[1344][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4163 (10.2255)
Epoch:[1344][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8645 (10.1739)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5870969186774464  precision:  0.6289251508828998  f1:  0.5489627991650823 perclass recall:  [0.98835275 0.71824943 0.74489796 0.20625416 0.2777303 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7508134129519928  precision:  0.764708555363725  f1:  0.7509043231573086 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.64166667 0.79017857 0.73922902 0.70126582 0.7002457
 0.77071291 0.70795569]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7118740631983332  precision:  0.7140216376251366  f1:  0.7017583244142704 perclass recall:  [0.46368715 0.96467391 0.95968992 0.42557252 0.9030303  0.55459057]
Epoch:[1344][ 7/18]	Time 12.43 (3.15)	Data 10.42 (1.30)	Loss 9.8245 (10.1303)
Epoch:[1344][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (3.02)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 9.9240 (10.1073)
Epoch:[1344][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (2.89)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 9.7142 (10.0680)
Epoch:[1344][10/18]	Time 1.89 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 9.5836 (10.0240)
Epoch:[1344][11/18]	Time 1.69 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 9.8916 (10.0129)
Epoch:[1344][12/18]	Time 2.08 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.8781 (10.0026)
Epoch:[1344][13/18]	Time 2.01 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 10.4294 (10.0331)
Epoch:[1344][14/18]	Time 1.83 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 10.2361 (10.0466)
Epoch:[1344][15/18]	Time 1.76 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.9107 (10.0381)
Epoch:[1344][16/18]	Time 1.80 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.6026 (10.0125)
Epoch:[1344][17/18]	Time 1.84 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.6680 (9.9933)
epoch 1344 finished, takes 43.84908413887024 seconds
Epoch:[1345][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7799 (9.7799)
Epoch:[1345][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0625 (9.9212)
Epoch:[1345][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5246 (9.7890)
Epoch:[1345][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3459 (9.9282)
Epoch:[1345][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8796 (9.9185)
Epoch:[1345][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0982 (9.9485)
Epoch:[1345][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9192 (9.9443)
Epoch:[1345][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9333 (9.9429)
Epoch:[1345][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8075 (9.9279)
Epoch:[1345][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0425 (9.9393)
Epoch:[1345][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6741 (9.9152)
Epoch:[1345][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1753 (9.9369)
Epoch:[1345][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1582 (9.9539)
Epoch:[1345][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5273 (9.9949)
Epoch:[1345][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5056 (9.9623)
Epoch:[1345][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1075 (9.9713)
Epoch:[1345][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4386 (9.9988)
Epoch:[1345][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1735 (10.0085)
epoch 1345 finished, takes 33.812849044799805 seconds
Epoch:[1346][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4908 (9.4908)
Epoch:[1346][ 1/18]	Time 2.19 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1408 (9.8158)
Epoch:[1346][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6698 (9.7671)
Epoch:[1346][ 3/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6855 (9.7467)
Epoch:[1346][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0793 (9.8132)
Epoch:[1346][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3251 (9.8985)
Epoch:[1346][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5864 (9.8540)
Epoch:[1346][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1708 (9.8936)
Epoch:[1346][ 8/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9964 (9.9050)
Epoch:[1346][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1842 (9.9329)
Epoch:[1346][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1922 (9.9565)
Epoch:[1346][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2558 (9.9814)
Epoch:[1346][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7547 (9.9640)
Epoch:[1346][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4058 (9.9955)
Epoch:[1346][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9081 (9.9897)
Epoch:[1346][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2500 (10.0060)
Epoch:[1346][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3064 (10.0236)
Epoch:[1346][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0974 (10.0277)
epoch 1346 finished, takes 33.99202871322632 seconds
Epoch:[1347][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8719 (9.8719)
Epoch:[1347][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8932 (9.8825)
Epoch:[1347][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6019 (9.7890)
Epoch:[1347][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1316 (9.8747)
Epoch:[1347][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5379 (9.8073)
Epoch:[1347][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1856 (9.8704)
Epoch:[1347][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1602 (9.9118)
Epoch:[1347][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9760 (9.9198)
Epoch:[1347][ 8/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1035 (9.9402)
Epoch:[1347][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3652 (9.9827)
Epoch:[1347][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2993 (10.0115)
Epoch:[1347][11/18]	Time 1.55 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2809 (10.0339)
Epoch:[1347][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1998 (10.0467)
Epoch:[1347][13/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2383 (10.0604)
Epoch:[1347][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0329 (10.1252)
Epoch:[1347][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6390 (10.1573)
Epoch:[1347][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9645 (10.1460)
Epoch:[1347][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7350 (10.1787)
epoch 1347 finished, takes 34.02214980125427 seconds
Epoch:[1348][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9459 (9.9459)
Epoch:[1348][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3629 (10.1544)
Epoch:[1348][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4761 (9.9283)
Epoch:[1348][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1460 (9.9827)
Epoch:[1348][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7562 (9.9374)
Epoch:[1348][ 5/18]	Time 2.30 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5200 (10.0345)
Epoch:[1348][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8425 (10.0071)
Epoch:[1348][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3014 (10.0439)
Epoch:[1348][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0403 (10.0435)
Epoch:[1348][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2413 (10.0633)
Epoch:[1348][10/18]	Time 2.09 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8342 (10.0424)
Epoch:[1348][11/18]	Time 2.13 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1781 (10.0537)
Epoch:[1348][12/18]	Time 1.85 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1855 (10.0639)
Epoch:[1348][13/18]	Time 1.95 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1233 (10.0681)
Epoch:[1348][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0392 (10.0662)
Epoch:[1348][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9369 (10.0581)
Epoch:[1348][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6264 (10.0327)
Epoch:[1348][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1414 (10.0388)
epoch 1348 finished, takes 35.45685386657715 seconds
Epoch:[1349][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1872 (10.1872)
Epoch:[1349][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1506 (10.1689)
Epoch:[1349][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4601 (10.2659)
Epoch:[1349][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9592 (10.1893)
Epoch:[1349][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0948 (10.1704)
Epoch:[1349][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2141 (10.1777)
Epoch:[1349][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9633 (10.1470)
Epoch:[1349][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8752 (10.1131)
Epoch:[1349][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0007 (10.1006)
Epoch:[1349][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1565 (10.1062)
Epoch:[1349][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5412 (10.1457)
Epoch:[1349][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0107 (10.1345)
Epoch:[1349][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5603 (10.1672)
Epoch:[1349][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9855 (10.1542)
Epoch:[1349][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0506 (10.1473)
Epoch:[1349][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1637 (10.0858)
Epoch:[1349][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8468 (10.0718)
Epoch:[1349][17/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1278 (10.0749)
epoch 1349 finished, takes 34.51828742027283 seconds
Epoch:[1350][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2067 (10.2067)
Epoch:[1350][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0232 (10.1150)
Epoch:[1350][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9364 (10.0555)
Epoch:[1350][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9538 (10.0300)
Epoch:[1350][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4233 (10.1087)
Epoch:[1350][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7857 (10.0549)
Epoch:[1350][ 6/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7648 (10.0134)
Epoch:[1350][ 7/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7551 (9.9811)
Epoch:[1350][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9973 (10.0940)
Epoch:[1350][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9475 (10.0794)
Epoch:[1350][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7900 (10.0531)
Epoch:[1350][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1177 (10.0585)
Epoch:[1350][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1612 (10.0664)
Epoch:[1350][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6758 (10.0385)
Epoch:[1350][14/18]	Time 2.30 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1982 (10.0491)
Epoch:[1350][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6461 (10.0239)
Epoch:[1350][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2749 (10.0387)
Epoch:[1350][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2426 (10.0500)
epoch 1350 finished, takes 34.1267409324646 seconds
Epoch:[1351][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7117 (9.7117)
Epoch:[1351][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8741 (9.7929)
Epoch:[1351][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2958 (9.9605)
Epoch:[1351][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0564 (9.9845)
Epoch:[1351][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7854 (9.9447)
Epoch:[1351][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9180 (9.9402)
Epoch:[1351][ 6/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2804 (9.9888)
Epoch:[1351][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9134 (9.9794)
Epoch:[1351][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4622 (9.9219)
Epoch:[1351][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5475 (9.9845)
Epoch:[1351][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2604 (10.0096)
Epoch:[1351][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7008 (9.9839)
Epoch:[1351][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6587 (9.9588)
Epoch:[1351][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9320 (9.9569)
Epoch:[1351][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6256 (9.9348)
Epoch:[1351][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1664 (9.9493)
Epoch:[1351][16/18]	Time 2.30 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2039 (9.9643)
Epoch:[1351][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5307 (9.9958)
epoch 1351 finished, takes 34.800291299819946 seconds
Epoch:[1352][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2350 (10.2350)
Epoch:[1352][ 1/18]	Time 1.63 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4814 (9.8582)
Epoch:[1352][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8218 (9.8461)
Epoch:[1352][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1031 (9.9103)
Epoch:[1352][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4031 (10.0089)
Epoch:[1352][ 5/18]	Time 1.62 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8840 (9.9881)
Epoch:[1352][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3905 (10.0456)
Epoch:[1352][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6543 (9.9967)
Epoch:[1352][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7798 (9.9726)
Epoch:[1352][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9822 (9.9735)
Epoch:[1352][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9404 (9.9705)
Epoch:[1352][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6123 (9.9407)
Epoch:[1352][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0793 (9.9513)
Epoch:[1352][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7121 (9.9342)
Epoch:[1352][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0986 (9.9452)
Epoch:[1352][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9036 (9.9426)
Epoch:[1352][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1776 (9.9564)
Epoch:[1352][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8484 (9.9504)
epoch 1352 finished, takes 33.27152109146118 seconds
Epoch:[1353][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1127 (10.1127)
Epoch:[1353][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0340 (10.0733)
Epoch:[1353][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5861 (9.9109)
Epoch:[1353][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1673 (9.9750)
Epoch:[1353][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1215 (10.0043)
Epoch:[1353][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4880 (10.0849)
Epoch:[1353][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9533 (10.0661)
Epoch:[1353][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5936 (10.0071)
Epoch:[1353][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2277 (10.0316)
Epoch:[1353][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4904 (9.9775)
Epoch:[1353][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9789 (9.9776)
Epoch:[1353][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8559 (9.9675)
Epoch:[1353][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4549 (9.9280)
Epoch:[1353][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5328 (9.8998)
Epoch:[1353][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2149 (9.9208)
Epoch:[1353][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9367 (9.9218)
Epoch:[1353][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8751 (9.9190)
Epoch:[1353][17/18]	Time 1.59 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3566 (9.8878)
epoch 1353 finished, takes 33.466272592544556 seconds
Epoch:[1354][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7873 (9.7873)
Epoch:[1354][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5162 (9.6517)
Epoch:[1354][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6008 (9.9681)
Epoch:[1354][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6084 (9.8782)
Epoch:[1354][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7244 (9.8474)
Epoch:[1354][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7422 (9.8299)
Epoch:[1354][ 6/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5640 (9.9348)
Epoch:[1354][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2765 (9.9775)
Epoch:[1354][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3538 (9.9082)
Epoch:[1354][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0048 (9.9179)
Epoch:[1354][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1517 (9.9391)
Epoch:[1354][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7202 (9.9209)
Epoch:[1354][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4653 (9.9627)
Epoch:[1354][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6385 (9.9396)
Epoch:[1354][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0247 (9.9453)
Epoch:[1354][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0792 (9.9536)
Epoch:[1354][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8442 (9.9472)
Epoch:[1354][17/18]	Time 2.18 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4161 (9.9732)
epoch 1354 finished, takes 33.998497009277344 seconds
Epoch:[1355][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9625 (9.9625)
Epoch:[1355][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3208 (10.1417)
Epoch:[1355][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0167 (10.1000)
Epoch:[1355][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0119 (10.0780)
Epoch:[1355][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7130 (10.0050)
Epoch:[1355][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7721 (9.9662)
Epoch:[1355][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5273 (9.9035)
Epoch:[1355][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1032 (9.9284)
Epoch:[1355][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4231 (9.8723)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6233357075216006  precision:  0.6585795552218471  f1:  0.5917999899566986 perclass recall:  [0.98573806 0.72525744 0.74607535 0.2089155  0.45069219]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7522908785054812  precision:  0.7678999693346251  f1:  0.7530128343796606 perclass recall:  [0.95265888 0.63958333 0.796875   0.72789116 0.7164557  0.6977887
 0.76300578 0.72406848]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7113267376122678  precision:  0.7155497420560369  f1:  0.7014222135478795 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96399457 0.9627907  0.42366412 0.90606061 0.55334988]
Epoch:[1355][ 9/18]	Time 13.05 (2.96)	Data 10.78 (1.08)	Loss 9.9379 (9.8789)
Epoch:[1355][10/18]	Time 1.83 (2.86)	Data 0.00 (0.98)	Loss 9.7613 (9.8682)
Epoch:[1355][11/18]	Time 1.80 (2.77)	Data 0.00 (0.90)	Loss 10.0001 (9.8792)
Epoch:[1355][12/18]	Time 1.76 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.83)	Loss 9.8191 (9.8745)
Epoch:[1355][13/18]	Time 2.03 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 10.2568 (9.9018)
Epoch:[1355][14/18]	Time 2.13 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 10.0891 (9.9143)
Epoch:[1355][15/18]	Time 1.79 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 10.2168 (9.9332)
Epoch:[1355][16/18]	Time 1.77 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 10.1513 (9.9461)
Epoch:[1355][17/18]	Time 1.77 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 9.9195 (9.9446)
epoch 1355 finished, takes 44.53023648262024 seconds
Epoch:[1356][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4194 (10.4194)
Epoch:[1356][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6614 (10.0404)
Epoch:[1356][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7591 (9.9466)
Epoch:[1356][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3339 (10.0434)
Epoch:[1356][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2054 (10.0758)
Epoch:[1356][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1057 (10.0808)
Epoch:[1356][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8511 (10.0480)
Epoch:[1356][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2411 (9.9471)
Epoch:[1356][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0904 (9.9630)
Epoch:[1356][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4650 (10.0132)
Epoch:[1356][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5588 (9.9719)
Epoch:[1356][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1182 (9.9841)
Epoch:[1356][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9118 (9.9786)
Epoch:[1356][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9974 (9.9799)
Epoch:[1356][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5437 (9.9508)
Epoch:[1356][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8010 (9.9415)
Epoch:[1356][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0389 (9.9472)
Epoch:[1356][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9127 (9.9453)
epoch 1356 finished, takes 33.72580575942993 seconds
Epoch:[1357][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1849 (10.1849)
Epoch:[1357][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7906 (9.9878)
Epoch:[1357][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3944 (10.1233)
Epoch:[1357][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0572 (10.1068)
Epoch:[1357][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2063 (10.1267)
Epoch:[1357][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1210 (10.1257)
Epoch:[1357][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2070 (10.1373)
Epoch:[1357][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4948 (10.0570)
Epoch:[1357][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3881 (10.0938)
Epoch:[1357][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6345 (10.0479)
Epoch:[1357][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8256 (10.0277)
Epoch:[1357][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8928 (10.0164)
Epoch:[1357][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0839 (10.0216)
Epoch:[1357][13/18]	Time 2.31 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1709 (10.0323)
Epoch:[1357][14/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0654 (10.0345)
Epoch:[1357][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0819 (10.0375)
Epoch:[1357][16/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6229 (10.0131)
Epoch:[1357][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0587 (10.0156)
epoch 1357 finished, takes 33.13884902000427 seconds
Epoch:[1358][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1317 (10.1317)
Epoch:[1358][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7341 (9.9329)
Epoch:[1358][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0438 (9.9699)
Epoch:[1358][ 3/18]	Time 2.18 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4742 (10.0960)
Epoch:[1358][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0717 (10.0911)
Epoch:[1358][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1526 (10.1013)
Epoch:[1358][ 6/18]	Time 1.57 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6203 (10.0326)
Epoch:[1358][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0303 (10.0323)
Epoch:[1358][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1335 (10.0436)
Epoch:[1358][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9059 (10.0298)
Epoch:[1358][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3194 (10.0561)
Epoch:[1358][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2454 (10.0719)
Epoch:[1358][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9129 (10.0597)
Epoch:[1358][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9313 (10.0505)
Epoch:[1358][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9605 (10.0445)
Epoch:[1358][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1403 (10.0505)
Epoch:[1358][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3332 (10.0671)
Epoch:[1358][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9204 (10.0590)
epoch 1358 finished, takes 34.17146110534668 seconds
Epoch:[1359][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8523 (9.8523)
Epoch:[1359][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7240 (9.7881)
Epoch:[1359][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5235 (9.6999)
Epoch:[1359][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0303 (9.7825)
Epoch:[1359][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2767 (9.8814)
Epoch:[1359][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1035 (9.9184)
Epoch:[1359][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5453 (9.8651)
Epoch:[1359][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7977 (9.8567)
Epoch:[1359][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8909 (9.8605)
Epoch:[1359][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6703 (9.8414)
Epoch:[1359][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9763 (9.8537)
Epoch:[1359][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7836 (9.8479)
Epoch:[1359][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2552 (9.8792)
Epoch:[1359][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1676 (9.8998)
Epoch:[1359][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5949 (9.8795)
Epoch:[1359][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9626 (9.8847)
Epoch:[1359][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9357 (9.8877)
Epoch:[1359][17/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0523 (9.8968)
epoch 1359 finished, takes 33.522462606430054 seconds
Epoch:[1360][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8931 (9.8931)
Epoch:[1360][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1814 (10.0373)
Epoch:[1360][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4126 (9.8291)
Epoch:[1360][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8789 (9.8415)
Epoch:[1360][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7188 (9.8170)
Epoch:[1360][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1739 (9.8765)
Epoch:[1360][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0143 (10.0390)
Epoch:[1360][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2898 (10.0704)
Epoch:[1360][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9933 (10.0618)
Epoch:[1360][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6962 (10.0252)
Epoch:[1360][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4310 (10.0621)
Epoch:[1360][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2076 (10.0742)
Epoch:[1360][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6724 (10.0433)
Epoch:[1360][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0693 (10.0452)
Epoch:[1360][14/18]	Time 2.19 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2378 (10.0580)
Epoch:[1360][15/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7057 (10.0360)
Epoch:[1360][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8462 (10.0248)
Epoch:[1360][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3631 (10.0436)
epoch 1360 finished, takes 33.543099880218506 seconds
Epoch:[1361][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6857 (9.6857)
Epoch:[1361][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7546 (9.7202)
Epoch:[1361][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0240 (9.8214)
Epoch:[1361][ 3/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2123 (9.6692)
Epoch:[1361][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9831 (9.7320)
Epoch:[1361][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6184 (9.8797)
Epoch:[1361][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0430 (9.9030)
Epoch:[1361][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6173 (9.8673)
Epoch:[1361][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1487 (9.8986)
Epoch:[1361][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1040 (9.9191)
Epoch:[1361][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7979 (9.9081)
Epoch:[1361][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0827 (9.9227)
Epoch:[1361][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7609 (9.9102)
Epoch:[1361][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9611 (9.9139)
Epoch:[1361][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1483 (9.9295)
Epoch:[1361][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9369 (9.9299)
Epoch:[1361][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1099 (9.9405)
Epoch:[1361][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1835 (9.9540)
epoch 1361 finished, takes 33.743913412094116 seconds
Epoch:[1362][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7428 (9.7428)
Epoch:[1362][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4545 (9.5987)
Epoch:[1362][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0470 (9.7481)
Epoch:[1362][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9093 (9.7884)
Epoch:[1362][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1704 (9.8648)
Epoch:[1362][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7935 (9.8529)
Epoch:[1362][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0264 (9.8777)
Epoch:[1362][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2489 (9.9241)
Epoch:[1362][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9694 (9.9291)
Epoch:[1362][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1232 (9.9486)
Epoch:[1362][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8248 (9.9373)
Epoch:[1362][11/18]	Time 1.56 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6518 (9.9135)
Epoch:[1362][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3681 (9.9485)
Epoch:[1362][13/18]	Time 2.32 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1031 (9.9595)
Epoch:[1362][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6687 (9.9401)
Epoch:[1362][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2056 (9.9567)
Epoch:[1362][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0349 (9.9613)
Epoch:[1362][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2086 (9.9751)
epoch 1362 finished, takes 34.210357904434204 seconds
Epoch:[1363][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0234 (10.0234)
Epoch:[1363][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5712 (9.7973)
Epoch:[1363][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1900 (9.9282)
Epoch:[1363][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6731 (9.8645)
Epoch:[1363][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1333 (9.9182)
Epoch:[1363][ 5/18]	Time 2.25 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5066 (10.0163)
Epoch:[1363][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3106 (10.0583)
Epoch:[1363][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5791 (10.1234)
Epoch:[1363][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6523 (10.1822)
Epoch:[1363][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9311 (10.1571)
Epoch:[1363][10/18]	Time 2.14 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4026 (10.1794)
Epoch:[1363][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7014 (10.1396)
Epoch:[1363][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8795 (10.1196)
Epoch:[1363][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8119 (10.0976)
Epoch:[1363][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3069 (10.1116)
Epoch:[1363][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9653 (10.1024)
Epoch:[1363][16/18]	Time 1.54 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0300 (10.0982)
Epoch:[1363][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3326 (10.0556)
epoch 1363 finished, takes 34.52218437194824 seconds
Epoch:[1364][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8064 (9.8064)
Epoch:[1364][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5090 (10.1577)
Epoch:[1364][ 2/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4104 (10.2419)
Epoch:[1364][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2193 (10.2363)
Epoch:[1364][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1477 (10.2185)
Epoch:[1364][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3639 (10.0761)
Epoch:[1364][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9936 (10.0643)
Epoch:[1364][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4290 (9.9849)
Epoch:[1364][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0746 (9.9949)
Epoch:[1364][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6739 (9.9628)
Epoch:[1364][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6112 (9.9308)
Epoch:[1364][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2606 (9.9583)
Epoch:[1364][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8979 (9.9536)
Epoch:[1364][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9500 (9.9534)
Epoch:[1364][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1410 (9.9659)
Epoch:[1364][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8203 (9.9568)
Epoch:[1364][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6878 (9.9410)
Epoch:[1364][17/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0951 (9.9495)
epoch 1364 finished, takes 34.26015114784241 seconds
Epoch:[1365][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9362 (9.9362)
Epoch:[1365][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7913 (9.8638)
Epoch:[1365][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9788 (9.9021)
Epoch:[1365][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8569 (9.8908)
Epoch:[1365][ 4/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0277 (9.9182)
Epoch:[1365][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7819 (9.8955)
Epoch:[1365][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9927 (9.9094)
Epoch:[1365][ 7/18]	Time 1.59 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4481 (9.8517)
Epoch:[1365][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5197 (9.9259)
Epoch:[1365][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9364 (9.9270)
Epoch:[1365][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5042 (9.9795)
Epoch:[1365][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9210 (9.9746)
Epoch:[1365][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2309 (9.9943)
Epoch:[1365][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8849 (9.9865)
Epoch:[1365][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8423 (9.9769)
Epoch:[1365][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9870 (9.9775)
Epoch:[1365][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4033 (9.9437)
Epoch:[1365][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4021 (9.9692)
epoch 1365 finished, takes 33.99426507949829 seconds
Epoch:[1366][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1827 (10.1827)
Epoch:[1366][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1349 (10.1588)
Epoch:[1366][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4561 (10.2579)
Epoch:[1366][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5984 (10.0930)
Epoch:[1366][ 4/18]	Time 2.12 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3447 (10.1434)
Epoch:[1366][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4256 (10.1904)
Epoch:[1366][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7915 (10.2763)
Epoch:[1366][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2394 (10.2717)
Epoch:[1366][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0342 (10.2453)
Epoch:[1366][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2275 (10.2435)
Epoch:[1366][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3442 (10.2526)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5930812201347008  precision:  0.6361793873595787  f1:  0.5565495939652028 perclass recall:  [0.98573806 0.71238558 0.74489796 0.20825017 0.31413434]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.75407132812077  precision:  0.7706581468481771  f1:  0.7558508274356056 perclass recall:  [0.95590143 0.63333333 0.79464286 0.75963719 0.69873418 0.69041769
 0.76878613 0.73111782]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7083557039962427  precision:  0.7133916064954939  f1:  0.698591107202423 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96399457 0.95968992 0.41793893 0.90606061 0.55272953]
Epoch:[1366][11/18]	Time 12.37 (2.79)	Data 10.40 (0.87)	Loss 9.9224 (10.2251)
Epoch:[1366][12/18]	Time 1.69 (2.70)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.6931 (10.1842)
Epoch:[1366][13/18]	Time 1.86 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.9008 (10.1640)
Epoch:[1366][14/18]	Time 1.91 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.8956 (10.1461)
Epoch:[1366][15/18]	Time 1.82 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.8506 (10.1276)
Epoch:[1366][16/18]	Time 2.00 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.0460 (10.1228)
Epoch:[1366][17/18]	Time 1.65 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.8770 (10.1091)
epoch 1366 finished, takes 44.384745597839355 seconds
Epoch:[1367][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9295 (9.9295)
Epoch:[1367][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8970 (9.9132)
Epoch:[1367][ 2/18]	Time 1.64 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0816 (9.9694)
Epoch:[1367][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1053 (10.0034)
Epoch:[1367][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7648 (9.9557)
Epoch:[1367][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6711 (9.9082)
Epoch:[1367][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5708 (10.0029)
Epoch:[1367][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1283 (10.0186)
Epoch:[1367][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7982 (9.9941)
Epoch:[1367][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9628 (9.9910)
Epoch:[1367][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9770 (9.9897)
Epoch:[1367][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1335 (10.0017)
Epoch:[1367][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6367 (9.9736)
Epoch:[1367][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8339 (9.9636)
Epoch:[1367][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4759 (9.9978)
Epoch:[1367][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8352 (9.9876)
Epoch:[1367][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4816 (9.9578)
Epoch:[1367][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6331 (9.9398)
epoch 1367 finished, takes 33.146618366241455 seconds
Epoch:[1368][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4844 (9.4844)
Epoch:[1368][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7935 (9.6389)
Epoch:[1368][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4913 (9.9231)
Epoch:[1368][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9892 (9.9396)
Epoch:[1368][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9206 (9.9358)
Epoch:[1368][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9505 (9.9382)
Epoch:[1368][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8754 (9.9293)
Epoch:[1368][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7743 (9.9099)
Epoch:[1368][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8062 (9.8984)
Epoch:[1368][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3313 (9.9417)
Epoch:[1368][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7163 (9.9212)
Epoch:[1368][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2335 (9.9472)
Epoch:[1368][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6094 (9.9212)
Epoch:[1368][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6250 (9.9001)
Epoch:[1368][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8610 (9.8975)
Epoch:[1368][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1035 (9.9103)
Epoch:[1368][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3911 (9.9386)
Epoch:[1368][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7682 (9.9291)
epoch 1368 finished, takes 34.00513958930969 seconds
Epoch:[1369][ 0/18]	Time 1.52 (1.52)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5996 (9.5996)
Epoch:[1369][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0515 (9.8256)
Epoch:[1369][ 2/18]	Time 2.20 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0281 (9.8931)
Epoch:[1369][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4321 (9.7778)
Epoch:[1369][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2743 (9.8771)
Epoch:[1369][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8329 (9.8698)
Epoch:[1369][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9665 (9.8836)
Epoch:[1369][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3686 (9.8192)
Epoch:[1369][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2908 (9.8716)
Epoch:[1369][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5832 (9.8428)
Epoch:[1369][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9474 (9.8523)
Epoch:[1369][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1202 (9.8746)
Epoch:[1369][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3912 (9.9144)
Epoch:[1369][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2129 (9.9357)
Epoch:[1369][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9795 (9.9386)
Epoch:[1369][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1174 (9.9498)
Epoch:[1369][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5457 (9.9260)
Epoch:[1369][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9278 (9.9261)
epoch 1369 finished, takes 33.73036742210388 seconds
Epoch:[1370][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1366 (10.1366)
Epoch:[1370][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0565 (10.0966)
Epoch:[1370][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6653 (10.2861)
Epoch:[1370][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8288 (10.1718)
Epoch:[1370][ 4/18]	Time 2.15 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7881 (10.0951)
Epoch:[1370][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7389 (10.0357)
Epoch:[1370][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4757 (10.0986)
Epoch:[1370][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1041 (10.0993)
Epoch:[1370][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7084 (10.0558)
Epoch:[1370][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4943 (9.9997)
Epoch:[1370][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0512 (9.9135)
Epoch:[1370][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3384 (9.9489)
Epoch:[1370][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5737 (9.9200)
Epoch:[1370][13/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8765 (9.9169)
Epoch:[1370][14/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1066 (9.9296)
Epoch:[1370][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6191 (9.9101)
Epoch:[1370][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0994 (9.9213)
Epoch:[1370][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9234 (9.9214)
epoch 1370 finished, takes 33.94080686569214 seconds
Epoch:[1371][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4187 (9.4187)
Epoch:[1371][ 1/18]	Time 2.28 (2.13)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2251 (9.8219)
Epoch:[1371][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7872 (9.8103)
Epoch:[1371][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2498 (9.9202)
Epoch:[1371][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4606 (10.0283)
Epoch:[1371][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4493 (10.0984)
Epoch:[1371][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5922 (10.0261)
Epoch:[1371][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6122 (9.9744)
Epoch:[1371][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3546 (10.0166)
Epoch:[1371][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0187 (10.0168)
Epoch:[1371][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0974 (10.0242)
Epoch:[1371][11/18]	Time 2.25 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2180 (10.0403)
Epoch:[1371][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3316 (10.0627)
Epoch:[1371][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6650 (10.0343)
Epoch:[1371][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4524 (10.0622)
Epoch:[1371][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9525 (10.0553)
Epoch:[1371][16/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9342 (10.0482)
Epoch:[1371][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7177 (10.0298)
epoch 1371 finished, takes 34.60395860671997 seconds
Epoch:[1372][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8787 (9.8787)
Epoch:[1372][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8304 (9.8546)
Epoch:[1372][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9441 (9.8844)
Epoch:[1372][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1196 (9.9432)
Epoch:[1372][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0834 (9.9712)
Epoch:[1372][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2466 (10.0171)
Epoch:[1372][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8942 (9.9996)
Epoch:[1372][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4528 (10.0562)
Epoch:[1372][ 8/18]	Time 2.27 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2771 (10.0808)
Epoch:[1372][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9915 (10.0718)
Epoch:[1372][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0379 (10.0688)
Epoch:[1372][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0379 (10.0662)
Epoch:[1372][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2366 (10.0793)
Epoch:[1372][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9318 (10.0688)
Epoch:[1372][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1158 (10.0719)
Epoch:[1372][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8943 (10.0608)
Epoch:[1372][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8635 (10.0492)
Epoch:[1372][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0337 (10.0483)
epoch 1372 finished, takes 33.80973935127258 seconds
Epoch:[1373][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8973 (9.8973)
Epoch:[1373][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7780 (9.8376)
Epoch:[1373][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1078 (9.9277)
Epoch:[1373][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7865 (9.8924)
Epoch:[1373][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7274 (9.8594)
Epoch:[1373][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9906 (9.8813)
Epoch:[1373][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6624 (9.8500)
Epoch:[1373][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4220 (9.9215)
Epoch:[1373][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2056 (9.9531)
Epoch:[1373][ 9/18]	Time 2.18 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3672 (9.9945)
Epoch:[1373][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1487 (10.0085)
Epoch:[1373][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6216 (9.9763)
Epoch:[1373][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3888 (9.9311)
Epoch:[1373][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9506 (9.9325)
Epoch:[1373][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8229 (9.9252)
Epoch:[1373][15/18]	Time 2.20 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8847 (9.9226)
Epoch:[1373][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7010 (9.9096)
Epoch:[1373][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9502 (9.9118)
epoch 1373 finished, takes 34.13289999961853 seconds
Epoch:[1374][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2636 (10.2636)
Epoch:[1374][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8441 (10.0538)
Epoch:[1374][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8766 (9.9947)
Epoch:[1374][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7791 (9.9408)
Epoch:[1374][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7424 (9.9012)
Epoch:[1374][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2315 (9.9562)
Epoch:[1374][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6947 (9.9188)
Epoch:[1374][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3102 (9.9678)
Epoch:[1374][ 8/18]	Time 1.54 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3231 (9.8961)
Epoch:[1374][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9530 (9.9018)
Epoch:[1374][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8008 (9.8926)
Epoch:[1374][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2538 (9.9227)
Epoch:[1374][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8952 (9.9206)
Epoch:[1374][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8037 (9.9123)
Epoch:[1374][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3472 (9.9413)
Epoch:[1374][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0075 (9.9454)
Epoch:[1374][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8580 (9.9403)
Epoch:[1374][17/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7480 (9.9296)
epoch 1374 finished, takes 33.8309805393219 seconds
Epoch:[1375][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0479 (10.0479)
Epoch:[1375][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8386 (9.9432)
Epoch:[1375][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0190 (9.9685)
Epoch:[1375][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0603 (9.9914)
Epoch:[1375][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9350 (9.9801)
Epoch:[1375][ 5/18]	Time 2.11 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7468 (9.9412)
Epoch:[1375][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2311 (9.9827)
Epoch:[1375][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9310 (9.9762)
Epoch:[1375][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1595 (9.9966)
Epoch:[1375][ 9/18]	Time 2.22 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4810 (10.0450)
Epoch:[1375][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3498 (9.9818)
Epoch:[1375][11/18]	Time 1.55 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5443 (9.9453)
Epoch:[1375][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4080 (9.9809)
Epoch:[1375][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7238 (9.9626)
Epoch:[1375][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0844 (9.9707)
Epoch:[1375][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7947 (9.9597)
Epoch:[1375][16/18]	Time 1.61 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8909 (9.9556)
Epoch:[1375][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1669 (9.9674)
epoch 1375 finished, takes 34.0092236995697 seconds
Epoch:[1376][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4579 (9.4579)
Epoch:[1376][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0888 (9.7733)
Epoch:[1376][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8933 (9.8133)
Epoch:[1376][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0745 (9.8786)
Epoch:[1376][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9223 (9.8874)
Epoch:[1376][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0627 (9.9166)
Epoch:[1376][ 6/18]	Time 2.15 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0559 (9.9365)
Epoch:[1376][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0165 (9.9465)
Epoch:[1376][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4960 (10.0075)
Epoch:[1376][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9519 (10.0020)
Epoch:[1376][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3846 (9.9459)
Epoch:[1376][11/18]	Time 2.20 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1971 (9.9668)
Epoch:[1376][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1078 (9.9776)
Epoch:[1376][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6734 (9.9559)
Epoch:[1376][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0801 (9.9642)
Epoch:[1376][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8319 (9.9559)
Epoch:[1376][16/18]	Time 2.13 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7673 (9.9448)
Epoch:[1376][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9218 (9.9435)
epoch 1376 finished, takes 34.63353490829468 seconds
Epoch:[1377][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0174 (10.0174)
Epoch:[1377][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7642 (9.8908)
Epoch:[1377][ 2/18]	Time 1.62 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4744 (9.7520)
Epoch:[1377][ 3/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2153 (9.8678)
Epoch:[1377][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6645 (9.8271)
Epoch:[1377][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9994 (9.8559)
Epoch:[1377][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7903 (9.8465)
Epoch:[1377][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2779 (9.9004)
Epoch:[1377][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6239 (9.8697)
Epoch:[1377][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2983 (9.9125)
Epoch:[1377][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7940 (9.9018)
Epoch:[1377][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6331 (9.8794)
Epoch:[1377][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8059 (9.8737)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5837532189171337  precision:  0.6251812427589104  f1:  0.54434720383898 perclass recall:  [0.98787735 0.7125286  0.74411303 0.20608782 0.26815929]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7509860653199225  precision:  0.7681092009989808  f1:  0.7529161601768094 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.62291667 0.79910714 0.74376417 0.69873418 0.68058968
 0.77842004 0.72910373]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7080940922195608  precision:  0.7136978506602442  f1:  0.6990280240885429 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96399457 0.95968992 0.42557252 0.90151515 0.55645161]
Epoch:[1377][13/18]	Time 12.17 (2.58)	Data 10.33 (0.74)	Loss 9.8988 (9.8755)
Epoch:[1377][14/18]	Time 1.77 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.7525 (9.8673)
Epoch:[1377][15/18]	Time 1.69 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.3279 (9.8961)
Epoch:[1377][16/18]	Time 1.82 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.3947 (9.9254)
Epoch:[1377][17/18]	Time 1.76 (2.40)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.8396 (9.9207)
epoch 1377 finished, takes 43.23360633850098 seconds
Epoch:[1378][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0164 (10.0164)
Epoch:[1378][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0218 (10.0191)
Epoch:[1378][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8144 (9.9508)
Epoch:[1378][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8406 (9.9233)
Epoch:[1378][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8844 (9.9155)
Epoch:[1378][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5833 (9.8601)
Epoch:[1378][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4175 (9.9397)
Epoch:[1378][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9728 (9.9439)
Epoch:[1378][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4124 (9.8848)
Epoch:[1378][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7688 (9.8732)
Epoch:[1378][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0877 (9.8927)
Epoch:[1378][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8785 (9.8915)
Epoch:[1378][12/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7038 (9.9540)
Epoch:[1378][13/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9111 (9.9510)
Epoch:[1378][14/18]	Time 1.61 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7307 (10.0029)
Epoch:[1378][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1031 (10.0092)
Epoch:[1378][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0692 (10.0127)
Epoch:[1378][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2481 (10.0258)
epoch 1378 finished, takes 33.74122881889343 seconds
Epoch:[1379][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3953 (10.3953)
Epoch:[1379][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6844 (10.0398)
Epoch:[1379][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0752 (10.0516)
Epoch:[1379][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6754 (9.9576)
Epoch:[1379][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3480 (10.0357)
Epoch:[1379][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5090 (9.9479)
Epoch:[1379][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6185 (9.9008)
Epoch:[1379][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2277 (9.9417)
Epoch:[1379][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8958 (9.9366)
Epoch:[1379][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3222 (9.9751)
Epoch:[1379][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7571 (10.0462)
Epoch:[1379][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4987 (10.0006)
Epoch:[1379][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9076 (9.9934)
Epoch:[1379][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2960 (10.0151)
Epoch:[1379][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8931 (10.0069)
Epoch:[1379][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8008 (9.9940)
Epoch:[1379][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3377 (10.0143)
Epoch:[1379][17/18]	Time 2.34 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8618 (10.0058)
epoch 1379 finished, takes 33.95542860031128 seconds
Epoch:[1380][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8554 (9.8554)
Epoch:[1380][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4641 (9.6598)
Epoch:[1380][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5713 (9.6303)
Epoch:[1380][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8967 (9.6969)
Epoch:[1380][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8255 (9.7226)
Epoch:[1380][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9777 (9.7651)
Epoch:[1380][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5442 (9.8764)
Epoch:[1380][ 7/18]	Time 1.62 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9278 (9.8828)
Epoch:[1380][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7901 (9.8725)
Epoch:[1380][ 9/18]	Time 2.26 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6641 (9.8517)
Epoch:[1380][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8431 (9.8509)
Epoch:[1380][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5425 (9.8252)
Epoch:[1380][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6137 (9.8859)
Epoch:[1380][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7135 (9.9450)
Epoch:[1380][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9971 (9.9485)
Epoch:[1380][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7331 (9.9350)
Epoch:[1380][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0913 (9.9442)
Epoch:[1380][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1850 (9.9576)
epoch 1380 finished, takes 33.87389659881592 seconds
Epoch:[1381][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4783 (9.4783)
Epoch:[1381][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5688 (10.0235)
Epoch:[1381][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9625 (10.0032)
Epoch:[1381][ 3/18]	Time 1.57 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8088 (9.9546)
Epoch:[1381][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7107 (9.9058)
Epoch:[1381][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8976 (9.9044)
Epoch:[1381][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6018 (9.8612)
Epoch:[1381][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9014 (9.8662)
Epoch:[1381][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1805 (9.9011)
Epoch:[1381][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9359 (9.9046)
Epoch:[1381][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7116 (9.8871)
Epoch:[1381][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8733 (9.8859)
Epoch:[1381][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0488 (9.8985)
Epoch:[1381][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0578 (9.9098)
Epoch:[1381][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0983 (9.9224)
Epoch:[1381][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1787 (9.9384)
Epoch:[1381][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5788 (9.9173)
Epoch:[1381][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8063 (9.9111)
epoch 1381 finished, takes 33.99757146835327 seconds
Epoch:[1382][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0710 (10.0710)
Epoch:[1382][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9301 (10.0005)
Epoch:[1382][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9839 (9.9950)
Epoch:[1382][ 3/18]	Time 2.24 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6534 (10.1596)
Epoch:[1382][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5489 (10.0375)
Epoch:[1382][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8219 (10.0015)
Epoch:[1382][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1370 (10.0209)
Epoch:[1382][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4130 (10.0699)
Epoch:[1382][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3780 (9.9930)
Epoch:[1382][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8133 (9.9750)
Epoch:[1382][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1483 (9.9908)
Epoch:[1382][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6743 (9.9644)
Epoch:[1382][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7738 (9.9498)
Epoch:[1382][13/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7878 (9.9382)
Epoch:[1382][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0294 (9.9443)
Epoch:[1382][15/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1153 (9.9550)
Epoch:[1382][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0696 (9.9617)
Epoch:[1382][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2269 (9.9764)
epoch 1382 finished, takes 34.390552282333374 seconds
Epoch:[1383][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1957 (10.1957)
Epoch:[1383][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3506 (10.2732)
Epoch:[1383][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2080 (10.2515)
Epoch:[1383][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4450 (10.0498)
Epoch:[1383][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7405 (9.9880)
Epoch:[1383][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4486 (9.8981)
Epoch:[1383][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3817 (9.8243)
Epoch:[1383][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1386 (9.8636)
Epoch:[1383][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7598 (9.8521)
Epoch:[1383][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0938 (9.8762)
Epoch:[1383][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9092 (9.8792)
Epoch:[1383][11/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1560 (9.9023)
Epoch:[1383][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2114 (9.9261)
Epoch:[1383][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8765 (9.9225)
Epoch:[1383][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8259 (9.9161)
Epoch:[1383][15/18]	Time 2.31 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7118 (9.9658)
Epoch:[1383][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6546 (9.9475)
Epoch:[1383][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2451 (9.9640)
epoch 1383 finished, takes 34.17948913574219 seconds
Epoch:[1384][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2392 (10.2392)
Epoch:[1384][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8422 (10.0407)
Epoch:[1384][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4211 (10.1675)
Epoch:[1384][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7368 (10.0598)
Epoch:[1384][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3933 (9.9265)
Epoch:[1384][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0707 (9.9506)
Epoch:[1384][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0889 (9.9703)
Epoch:[1384][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9341 (9.9658)
Epoch:[1384][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4449 (10.0190)
Epoch:[1384][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0262 (10.0198)
Epoch:[1384][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9060 (10.0094)
Epoch:[1384][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6128 (9.9764)
Epoch:[1384][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5601 (9.9443)
Epoch:[1384][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4307 (9.9791)
Epoch:[1384][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7373 (9.9630)
Epoch:[1384][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4457 (9.9931)
Epoch:[1384][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3221 (10.0125)
Epoch:[1384][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3828 (10.0331)
epoch 1384 finished, takes 34.187366247177124 seconds
Epoch:[1385][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8315 (9.8315)
Epoch:[1385][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5928 (10.2122)
Epoch:[1385][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9771 (10.1338)
Epoch:[1385][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5311 (10.2331)
Epoch:[1385][ 4/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9350 (10.1735)
Epoch:[1385][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7128 (10.0967)
Epoch:[1385][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0272 (10.0868)
Epoch:[1385][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7532 (10.0451)
Epoch:[1385][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9881 (10.0388)
Epoch:[1385][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0732 (10.0422)
Epoch:[1385][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3470 (10.0699)
Epoch:[1385][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8000 (10.1307)
Epoch:[1385][12/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2485 (10.1398)
Epoch:[1385][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7785 (10.1140)
Epoch:[1385][14/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1367 (10.1155)
Epoch:[1385][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3079 (10.1275)
Epoch:[1385][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7897 (10.1077)
Epoch:[1385][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6413 (10.0818)
epoch 1385 finished, takes 33.509872913360596 seconds
Epoch:[1386][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8093 (9.8093)
Epoch:[1386][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7742 (9.7917)
Epoch:[1386][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2432 (9.9422)
Epoch:[1386][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8973 (9.9310)
Epoch:[1386][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4883 (10.0425)
Epoch:[1386][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1270 (10.0566)
Epoch:[1386][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1276 (10.0667)
Epoch:[1386][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9795 (10.0558)
Epoch:[1386][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2940 (10.0823)
Epoch:[1386][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7043 (10.0445)
Epoch:[1386][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2639 (10.0644)
Epoch:[1386][11/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4335 (10.0952)
Epoch:[1386][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5043 (10.0497)
Epoch:[1386][13/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8453 (10.0351)
Epoch:[1386][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2202 (10.0475)
Epoch:[1386][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1503 (10.0539)
Epoch:[1386][16/18]	Time 2.22 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8690 (10.0430)
Epoch:[1386][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6303 (10.0201)
epoch 1386 finished, takes 34.582377433776855 seconds
Epoch:[1387][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0312 (10.0312)
Epoch:[1387][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3706 (10.2009)
Epoch:[1387][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7925 (10.0648)
Epoch:[1387][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3625 (10.1392)
Epoch:[1387][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0560 (10.1226)
Epoch:[1387][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8935 (10.0844)
Epoch:[1387][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5568 (10.0090)
Epoch:[1387][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4389 (10.0627)
Epoch:[1387][ 8/18]	Time 2.17 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8099 (10.0347)
Epoch:[1387][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7757 (10.0088)
Epoch:[1387][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4750 (10.0511)
Epoch:[1387][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8493 (10.0343)
Epoch:[1387][12/18]	Time 1.62 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1909 (10.0464)
Epoch:[1387][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5935 (10.0140)
Epoch:[1387][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5075 (10.0469)
Epoch:[1387][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3376 (10.0026)
Epoch:[1387][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9721 (10.0008)
Epoch:[1387][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0676 (10.0045)
epoch 1387 finished, takes 34.22074508666992 seconds
Epoch:[1388][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2521 (10.2521)
Epoch:[1388][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8347 (10.0434)
Epoch:[1388][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3602 (10.1490)
Epoch:[1388][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2445 (10.1729)
Epoch:[1388][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5876 (10.0558)
Epoch:[1388][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0185 (10.0496)
Epoch:[1388][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0842 (10.0545)
Epoch:[1388][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8538 (10.0295)
Epoch:[1388][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8039 (10.0044)
Epoch:[1388][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3196 (10.0359)
Epoch:[1388][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9150 (10.0249)
Epoch:[1388][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8915 (10.0138)
Epoch:[1388][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9477 (10.0087)
Epoch:[1388][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3614 (10.0339)
Epoch:[1388][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7400 (10.0143)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5862378024566915  precision:  0.6325300164536996  f1:  0.5469727923689239 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.72053776 0.7433281  0.20592149 0.27328662]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7509740410007213  precision:  0.7697594064093756  f1:  0.7528373075261114 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.61458333 0.796875   0.77097506 0.6835443  0.69287469
 0.77263969 0.72104733]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7083845161568706  precision:  0.7128604391509675  f1:  0.6982821527856237 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96399457 0.96434109 0.42366412 0.90454545 0.54962779]
Epoch:[1388][15/18]	Time 12.33 (2.56)	Data 10.38 (0.65)	Loss 10.3753 (10.0369)
Epoch:[1388][16/18]	Time 1.73 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.9548 (10.0321)
Epoch:[1388][17/18]	Time 1.80 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 10.1935 (10.0410)
epoch 1388 finished, takes 44.561399698257446 seconds
Epoch:[1389][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4960 (9.4960)
Epoch:[1389][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7593 (9.6276)
Epoch:[1389][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0809 (9.7787)
Epoch:[1389][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7331 (9.7673)
Epoch:[1389][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5397 (9.7218)
Epoch:[1389][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9734 (9.7637)
Epoch:[1389][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7129 (9.7565)
Epoch:[1389][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8916 (9.7734)
Epoch:[1389][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2239 (9.8234)
Epoch:[1389][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4706 (9.8881)
Epoch:[1389][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9725 (9.8958)
Epoch:[1389][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7183 (9.8810)
Epoch:[1389][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1664 (9.9030)
Epoch:[1389][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1157 (9.9182)
Epoch:[1389][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5392 (9.8929)
Epoch:[1389][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2072 (9.9125)
Epoch:[1389][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1736 (9.9279)
Epoch:[1389][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0730 (9.9360)
epoch 1389 finished, takes 33.85192799568176 seconds
Epoch:[1390][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1443 (10.1443)
Epoch:[1390][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0387 (10.0915)
Epoch:[1390][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0114 (10.0648)
Epoch:[1390][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8757 (10.0175)
Epoch:[1390][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3864 (10.0913)
Epoch:[1390][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8855 (10.0570)
Epoch:[1390][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0947 (10.0624)
Epoch:[1390][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3714 (10.1010)
Epoch:[1390][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1449 (10.1059)
Epoch:[1390][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4333 (10.1386)
Epoch:[1390][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9169 (10.1185)
Epoch:[1390][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1047 (10.1173)
Epoch:[1390][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4611 (10.0668)
Epoch:[1390][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0362 (10.0647)
Epoch:[1390][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8201 (10.0484)
Epoch:[1390][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7341 (10.0287)
Epoch:[1390][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1601 (10.0364)
Epoch:[1390][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7649 (10.0214)
epoch 1390 finished, takes 33.23739743232727 seconds
Epoch:[1391][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4842 (10.4842)
Epoch:[1391][ 1/18]	Time 2.17 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1865 (10.3353)
Epoch:[1391][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8699 (10.1802)
Epoch:[1391][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9137 (10.1136)
Epoch:[1391][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1357 (10.1180)
Epoch:[1391][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1215 (10.1186)
Epoch:[1391][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2923 (10.1434)
Epoch:[1391][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0537 (10.1322)
Epoch:[1391][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8707 (10.1031)
Epoch:[1391][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8685 (10.0797)
Epoch:[1391][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8178 (10.0559)
Epoch:[1391][11/18]	Time 2.27 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9676 (10.0485)
Epoch:[1391][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9006 (10.0371)
Epoch:[1391][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7588 (10.0172)
Epoch:[1391][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1193 (10.0240)
Epoch:[1391][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7386 (10.0062)
Epoch:[1391][16/18]	Time 2.24 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8513 (9.9971)
Epoch:[1391][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2921 (10.0135)
epoch 1391 finished, takes 34.37888503074646 seconds
Epoch:[1392][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6216 (9.6216)
Epoch:[1392][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1822 (9.9019)
Epoch:[1392][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0850 (9.9630)
Epoch:[1392][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3250 (9.8035)
Epoch:[1392][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8982 (9.8224)
Epoch:[1392][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1049 (9.8695)
Epoch:[1392][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4314 (9.8069)
Epoch:[1392][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8730 (9.8152)
Epoch:[1392][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6549 (9.7974)
Epoch:[1392][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2783 (9.8455)
Epoch:[1392][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6824 (9.8306)
Epoch:[1392][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5971 (9.8112)
Epoch:[1392][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1222 (9.8351)
Epoch:[1392][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9960 (9.8466)
Epoch:[1392][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6195 (9.8315)
Epoch:[1392][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0707 (9.8464)
Epoch:[1392][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3152 (9.8740)
Epoch:[1392][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2859 (9.8969)
epoch 1392 finished, takes 34.049063205718994 seconds
Epoch:[1393][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2832 (10.2832)
Epoch:[1393][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9300 (10.1066)
Epoch:[1393][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2341 (9.8158)
Epoch:[1393][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8497 (9.8242)
Epoch:[1393][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9940 (9.8582)
Epoch:[1393][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0996 (9.8984)
Epoch:[1393][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8831 (9.8962)
Epoch:[1393][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1285 (9.9253)
Epoch:[1393][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6727 (9.8972)
Epoch:[1393][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1455 (9.8220)
Epoch:[1393][10/18]	Time 2.19 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4992 (9.7927)
Epoch:[1393][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4875 (9.7673)
Epoch:[1393][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7890 (9.7689)
Epoch:[1393][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7930 (9.7707)
Epoch:[1393][14/18]	Time 1.56 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2839 (9.7382)
Epoch:[1393][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4487 (9.7826)
Epoch:[1393][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3128 (9.7550)
Epoch:[1393][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1739 (9.7783)
epoch 1393 finished, takes 33.25721096992493 seconds
Epoch:[1394][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0292 (10.0292)
Epoch:[1394][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1042 (10.0667)
Epoch:[1394][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0662 (10.0665)
Epoch:[1394][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9025 (10.0255)
Epoch:[1394][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8596 (9.9923)
Epoch:[1394][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1544 (10.0193)
Epoch:[1394][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9044 (10.0029)
Epoch:[1394][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9970 (10.0022)
Epoch:[1394][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0924 (10.0122)
Epoch:[1394][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1019 (10.0212)
Epoch:[1394][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8488 (10.0055)
Epoch:[1394][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1585 (10.0182)
Epoch:[1394][12/18]	Time 2.15 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1263 (10.0266)
Epoch:[1394][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8813 (10.0162)
Epoch:[1394][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2261 (10.0302)
Epoch:[1394][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0096 (10.0289)
Epoch:[1394][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9248 (10.0228)
Epoch:[1394][17/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3642 (10.0417)
epoch 1394 finished, takes 34.60056734085083 seconds
Epoch:[1395][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6800 (9.6800)
Epoch:[1395][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3465 (9.5132)
Epoch:[1395][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9550 (9.6605)
Epoch:[1395][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9990 (9.7451)
Epoch:[1395][ 4/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2475 (9.8456)
Epoch:[1395][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8163 (9.8407)
Epoch:[1395][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3483 (9.9132)
Epoch:[1395][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4056 (9.9748)
Epoch:[1395][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7679 (9.9518)
Epoch:[1395][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0048 (9.9571)
Epoch:[1395][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6978 (9.9335)
Epoch:[1395][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3279 (9.9664)
Epoch:[1395][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7546 (9.9501)
Epoch:[1395][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0249 (9.9554)
Epoch:[1395][14/18]	Time 2.30 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2556 (9.9755)
Epoch:[1395][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8825 (9.9696)
Epoch:[1395][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7980 (9.9596)
Epoch:[1395][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9763 (9.9605)
epoch 1395 finished, takes 34.0487163066864 seconds
Epoch:[1396][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6439 (9.6439)
Epoch:[1396][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5881 (9.6160)
Epoch:[1396][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7573 (9.6631)
Epoch:[1396][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6098 (9.6498)
Epoch:[1396][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1821 (9.7563)
Epoch:[1396][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8025 (9.7640)
Epoch:[1396][ 6/18]	Time 2.28 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7539 (9.7625)
Epoch:[1396][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9821 (9.7900)
Epoch:[1396][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4875 (9.8675)
Epoch:[1396][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8695 (9.8677)
Epoch:[1396][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2237 (9.9000)
Epoch:[1396][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2726 (9.9311)
Epoch:[1396][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6621 (9.9104)
Epoch:[1396][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4864 (9.9515)
Epoch:[1396][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2083 (9.9687)
Epoch:[1396][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9121 (9.9651)
Epoch:[1396][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6383 (9.9459)
Epoch:[1396][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9698 (9.9472)
epoch 1396 finished, takes 34.48438382148743 seconds
Epoch:[1397][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0290 (10.0290)
Epoch:[1397][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4500 (9.7395)
Epoch:[1397][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4992 (9.9928)
Epoch:[1397][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6484 (10.1567)
Epoch:[1397][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1727 (10.1599)
Epoch:[1397][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3043 (10.1840)
Epoch:[1397][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2978 (10.2002)
Epoch:[1397][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9301 (10.1665)
Epoch:[1397][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6856 (10.1130)
Epoch:[1397][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7764 (10.0794)
Epoch:[1397][10/18]	Time 1.59 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9091 (10.0639)
Epoch:[1397][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5780 (10.0234)
Epoch:[1397][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2988 (10.0446)
Epoch:[1397][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3992 (10.0699)
Epoch:[1397][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.01 (0.00)	Loss 10.1035 (10.0721)
Epoch:[1397][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0945 (10.0735)
Epoch:[1397][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8536 (10.0606)
Epoch:[1397][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0540 (10.0602)
epoch 1397 finished, takes 33.27823281288147 seconds
Epoch:[1398][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2168 (10.2168)
Epoch:[1398][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9231 (10.0700)
Epoch:[1398][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7777 (9.9725)
Epoch:[1398][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2827 (10.0501)
Epoch:[1398][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3924 (10.1185)
Epoch:[1398][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9346 (10.0879)
Epoch:[1398][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4227 (9.9929)
Epoch:[1398][ 7/18]	Time 2.30 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3320 (10.0352)
Epoch:[1398][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1207 (10.0447)
Epoch:[1398][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7395 (10.0142)
Epoch:[1398][10/18]	Time 2.19 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0915 (10.0212)
Epoch:[1398][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9238 (10.0131)
Epoch:[1398][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9723 (10.0100)
Epoch:[1398][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4169 (9.9676)
Epoch:[1398][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9579 (9.9670)
Epoch:[1398][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1536 (9.9786)
Epoch:[1398][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7726 (9.9665)
Epoch:[1398][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3407 (9.9873)
epoch 1398 finished, takes 34.54096078872681 seconds
Epoch:[1399][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7889 (9.7889)
Epoch:[1399][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6816 (9.7353)
Epoch:[1399][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6663 (9.7123)
Epoch:[1399][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4587 (9.8989)
Epoch:[1399][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7819 (9.8755)
Epoch:[1399][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0817 (9.9099)
Epoch:[1399][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7561 (9.8879)
Epoch:[1399][ 7/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7758 (9.8739)
Epoch:[1399][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0586 (9.8944)
Epoch:[1399][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8866 (9.8936)
Epoch:[1399][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6115 (9.8680)
Epoch:[1399][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9958 (9.8786)
Epoch:[1399][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9004 (9.8803)
Epoch:[1399][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8025 (9.8747)
Epoch:[1399][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8548 (9.8734)
Epoch:[1399][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9490 (9.8781)
Epoch:[1399][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5232 (9.8573)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5864693174131546  precision:  0.6309883984993574  f1:  0.5476192962688399 perclass recall:  [0.98859044 0.71367277 0.74489796 0.20608782 0.27909759]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7520944491720891  precision:  0.768402821423219  f1:  0.7532376057690074 perclass recall:  [0.95265888 0.62083333 0.80133929 0.76643991 0.68607595 0.69287469
 0.77649326 0.72004028]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7110723099076447  precision:  0.7084897453082984  f1:  0.6986412809950137 perclass recall:  [0.46368715 0.96467391 0.96434109 0.43320611 0.90454545 0.53598015]
Epoch:[1399][17/18]	Time 12.59 (2.50)	Data 10.61 (0.59)	Loss 10.3769 (9.8861)
epoch 1399 finished, takes 44.97287082672119 seconds
Epoch:[1400][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2470 (10.2470)
Epoch:[1400][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6935 (10.4703)
Epoch:[1400][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2575 (10.3993)
Epoch:[1400][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4165 (10.4036)
Epoch:[1400][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6744 (10.2578)
Epoch:[1400][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8015 (10.1817)
Epoch:[1400][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9500 (10.1486)
Epoch:[1400][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9609 (10.1252)
Epoch:[1400][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5895 (10.0656)
Epoch:[1400][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1517 (10.0742)
Epoch:[1400][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7298 (10.0429)
Epoch:[1400][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9068 (10.0316)
Epoch:[1400][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1651 (10.0419)
Epoch:[1400][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8872 (10.0308)
Epoch:[1400][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0078 (10.0293)
Epoch:[1400][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6417 (10.0051)
Epoch:[1400][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7856 (9.9921)
Epoch:[1400][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6858 (10.0307)
epoch 1400 finished, takes 33.008092164993286 seconds
Epoch:[1401][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9506 (9.9506)
Epoch:[1401][ 1/18]	Time 2.19 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2308 (10.0907)
Epoch:[1401][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2735 (10.1516)
Epoch:[1401][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0893 (10.1360)
Epoch:[1401][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9792 (10.1047)
Epoch:[1401][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7447 (10.0447)
Epoch:[1401][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3620 (9.9472)
Epoch:[1401][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8277 (9.9322)
Epoch:[1401][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0645 (9.9469)
Epoch:[1401][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4357 (9.9958)
Epoch:[1401][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7726 (9.9755)
Epoch:[1401][11/18]	Time 2.20 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7654 (9.9580)
Epoch:[1401][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2902 (9.9836)
Epoch:[1401][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0669 (9.9895)
Epoch:[1401][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0433 (9.9931)
Epoch:[1401][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5463 (10.0277)
Epoch:[1401][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2099 (10.0384)
Epoch:[1401][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0213 (10.0374)
epoch 1401 finished, takes 34.223798751831055 seconds
Epoch:[1402][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1263 (10.1263)
Epoch:[1402][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5821 (9.8542)
Epoch:[1402][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3007 (9.6697)
Epoch:[1402][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8867 (9.7239)
Epoch:[1402][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9315 (9.7655)
Epoch:[1402][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5581 (9.8976)
Epoch:[1402][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4629 (9.9783)
Epoch:[1402][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8957 (9.9680)
Epoch:[1402][ 8/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1463 (9.9878)
Epoch:[1402][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9016 (9.9792)
Epoch:[1402][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2149 (10.0006)
Epoch:[1402][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2473 (10.0212)
Epoch:[1402][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2585 (9.9625)
Epoch:[1402][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0051 (9.9656)
Epoch:[1402][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9654 (9.9655)
Epoch:[1402][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0426 (9.9704)
Epoch:[1402][16/18]	Time 1.62 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4633 (9.9994)
Epoch:[1402][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8189 (9.9893)
epoch 1402 finished, takes 32.94833946228027 seconds
Epoch:[1403][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8916 (9.8916)
Epoch:[1403][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2790 (10.0853)
Epoch:[1403][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1486 (10.1064)
Epoch:[1403][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9271 (10.0616)
Epoch:[1403][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3349 (10.1162)
Epoch:[1403][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8937 (10.0792)
Epoch:[1403][ 6/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4668 (9.9917)
Epoch:[1403][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9484 (9.9863)
Epoch:[1403][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5728 (9.9403)
Epoch:[1403][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4586 (9.8922)
Epoch:[1403][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1735 (9.9177)
Epoch:[1403][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9049 (9.9167)
Epoch:[1403][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9208 (9.9939)
Epoch:[1403][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5316 (9.9609)
Epoch:[1403][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8460 (9.9532)
Epoch:[1403][15/18]	Time 2.23 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0692 (9.9605)
Epoch:[1403][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9709 (9.9611)
Epoch:[1403][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9452 (9.9602)
epoch 1403 finished, takes 33.84601140022278 seconds
Epoch:[1404][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9500 (9.9500)
Epoch:[1404][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3285 (10.1392)
Epoch:[1404][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4919 (9.9235)
Epoch:[1404][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1115 (9.9705)
Epoch:[1404][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7005 (9.9165)
Epoch:[1404][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4473 (9.8383)
Epoch:[1404][ 6/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0090 (9.8627)
Epoch:[1404][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0082 (9.8809)
Epoch:[1404][ 8/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7179 (9.8628)
Epoch:[1404][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8227 (9.8588)
Epoch:[1404][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7767 (9.8513)
Epoch:[1404][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2713 (9.8863)
Epoch:[1404][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0850 (9.9016)
Epoch:[1404][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7152 (9.8883)
Epoch:[1404][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1565 (9.9061)
Epoch:[1404][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3465 (9.9337)
Epoch:[1404][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0653 (9.9414)
Epoch:[1404][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0506 (9.9475)
epoch 1404 finished, takes 34.45433044433594 seconds
Epoch:[1405][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6612 (9.6612)
Epoch:[1405][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3215 (9.9914)
Epoch:[1405][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0565 (10.0131)
Epoch:[1405][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7919 (9.9578)
Epoch:[1405][ 4/18]	Time 2.21 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8787 (9.9420)
Epoch:[1405][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8552 (9.9275)
Epoch:[1405][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0424 (9.9439)
Epoch:[1405][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6877 (9.9119)
Epoch:[1405][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0545 (9.9277)
Epoch:[1405][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1922 (9.9542)
Epoch:[1405][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1153 (9.9688)
Epoch:[1405][11/18]	Time 1.59 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9914 (9.9707)
Epoch:[1405][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2909 (9.9954)
Epoch:[1405][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9868 (9.9947)
Epoch:[1405][14/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3287 (10.0170)
Epoch:[1405][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9273 (10.0114)
Epoch:[1405][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5241 (9.9827)
Epoch:[1405][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8380 (9.9747)
epoch 1405 finished, takes 34.144956827163696 seconds
Epoch:[1406][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4815 (9.4815)
Epoch:[1406][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9262 (9.7038)
Epoch:[1406][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3101 (9.9059)
Epoch:[1406][ 3/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2498 (9.9919)
Epoch:[1406][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1726 (10.0280)
Epoch:[1406][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7319 (9.9787)
Epoch:[1406][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4004 (9.8961)
Epoch:[1406][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7551 (9.8784)
Epoch:[1406][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3189 (9.9274)
Epoch:[1406][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1401 (9.9487)
Epoch:[1406][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6830 (9.9245)
Epoch:[1406][11/18]	Time 2.29 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9035 (9.9228)
Epoch:[1406][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4691 (9.9648)
Epoch:[1406][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8905 (9.9595)
Epoch:[1406][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9164 (9.9566)
Epoch:[1406][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9532 (9.9564)
Epoch:[1406][16/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6156 (9.9363)
Epoch:[1406][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8103 (9.9293)
epoch 1406 finished, takes 34.28951978683472 seconds
Epoch:[1407][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2370 (10.2370)
Epoch:[1407][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7992 (10.0181)
Epoch:[1407][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3213 (10.1192)
Epoch:[1407][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3539 (9.9279)
Epoch:[1407][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8369 (9.9097)
Epoch:[1407][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1464 (9.9491)
Epoch:[1407][ 6/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5189 (9.8877)
Epoch:[1407][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0068 (9.9025)
Epoch:[1407][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4827 (9.9670)
Epoch:[1407][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8162 (9.9519)
Epoch:[1407][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4547 (9.9976)
Epoch:[1407][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8815 (9.9880)
Epoch:[1407][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8966 (10.0579)
Epoch:[1407][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7409 (10.0352)
Epoch:[1407][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7461 (10.0159)
Epoch:[1407][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7336 (9.9983)
Epoch:[1407][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9568 (9.9959)
Epoch:[1407][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2138 (10.0080)
epoch 1407 finished, takes 33.696919202804565 seconds
Epoch:[1408][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9468 (9.9468)
Epoch:[1408][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6718 (9.8093)
Epoch:[1408][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1729 (9.9305)
Epoch:[1408][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3112 (10.0257)
Epoch:[1408][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7245 (9.9655)
Epoch:[1408][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9494 (9.9628)
Epoch:[1408][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9514 (9.9611)
Epoch:[1408][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3052 (10.0041)
Epoch:[1408][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6329 (9.9629)
Epoch:[1408][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5647 (9.9231)
Epoch:[1408][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1899 (9.9473)
Epoch:[1408][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1507 (9.9643)
Epoch:[1408][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9416 (9.9625)
Epoch:[1408][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1197 (9.9738)
Epoch:[1408][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7479 (10.0254)
Epoch:[1408][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9413 (10.0201)
Epoch:[1408][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8837 (10.0121)
Epoch:[1408][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2115 (10.0232)
epoch 1408 finished, takes 33.55774402618408 seconds
Epoch:[1409][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8619 (9.8619)
Epoch:[1409][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1381 (10.0000)
Epoch:[1409][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2511 (10.0837)
Epoch:[1409][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7501 (10.0003)
Epoch:[1409][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2084 (10.0419)
Epoch:[1409][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0827 (10.0487)
Epoch:[1409][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6205 (9.9875)
Epoch:[1409][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8588 (9.9714)
Epoch:[1409][ 8/18]	Time 1.59 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9682 (9.9711)
Epoch:[1409][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3492 (10.0089)
Epoch:[1409][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2383 (9.9388)
Epoch:[1409][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0909 (9.9515)
Epoch:[1409][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0086 (9.9559)
Epoch:[1409][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5336 (9.9257)
Epoch:[1409][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3583 (9.9546)
Epoch:[1409][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8990 (9.9511)
Epoch:[1409][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6419 (9.9329)
Epoch:[1409][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8395 (9.9277)
epoch 1409 finished, takes 33.49002456665039 seconds
Epoch:[1410][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1846 (10.1846)
Epoch:[1410][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9886 (10.0866)
Epoch:[1410][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8446 (10.0060)
Epoch:[1410][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2371 (10.0637)
Epoch:[1410][ 4/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0287 (10.0567)
Epoch:[1410][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9911 (10.0458)
Epoch:[1410][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8813 (10.0223)
Epoch:[1410][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4785 (10.0793)
Epoch:[1410][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9031 (10.0597)
Epoch:[1410][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4179 (9.9956)
Epoch:[1410][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2137 (10.0154)
Epoch:[1410][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3630 (9.9610)
Epoch:[1410][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8080 (9.9492)
Epoch:[1410][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0668 (9.9576)
Epoch:[1410][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8517 (9.9506)
Epoch:[1410][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7776 (9.9398)
Epoch:[1410][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0000 (9.9433)
Epoch:[1410][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7197 (9.9309)
epoch 1410 finished, takes 32.74016094207764 seconds
Epoch:[1411][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8370 (9.8370)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5787928044800148  precision:  0.6286898011374366  f1:  0.5355520597475102 perclass recall:  [0.98597575 0.73283753 0.74489796 0.20242848 0.2278243 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7526267021094162  precision:  0.7705692741015053  f1:  0.7544984878454881 perclass recall:  [0.9539559  0.62708333 0.79910714 0.78911565 0.65822785 0.69287469
 0.77456647 0.72608258]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7107625092749551  precision:  0.7123230655774573  f1:  0.7005027521954356 perclass recall:  [0.46368715 0.96399457 0.95968992 0.43129771 0.9        0.54590571]
Epoch:[1411][ 1/18]	Time 12.49 (7.06)	Data 10.52 (5.26)	Loss 9.5816 (9.7093)
Epoch:[1411][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (5.33)	Data 0.00 (3.51)	Loss 10.1129 (9.8438)
Epoch:[1411][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (4.44)	Data 0.00 (2.63)	Loss 9.6853 (9.8042)
Epoch:[1411][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (3.89)	Data 0.00 (2.10)	Loss 9.5700 (9.7574)
Epoch:[1411][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (3.55)	Data 0.00 (1.75)	Loss 10.4054 (9.8654)
Epoch:[1411][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (3.32)	Data 0.00 (1.50)	Loss 9.6528 (9.8350)
Epoch:[1411][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (3.15)	Data 0.00 (1.32)	Loss 10.0792 (9.8655)
Epoch:[1411][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (3.01)	Data 0.00 (1.17)	Loss 10.5890 (9.9459)
Epoch:[1411][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 10.0677 (9.9581)
Epoch:[1411][10/18]	Time 1.98 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 9.8734 (9.9504)
Epoch:[1411][11/18]	Time 2.04 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 9.4147 (9.9058)
Epoch:[1411][12/18]	Time 1.76 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 9.6689 (9.8875)
Epoch:[1411][13/18]	Time 1.76 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.7978 (9.8811)
Epoch:[1411][14/18]	Time 1.89 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 10.0037 (9.8893)
Epoch:[1411][15/18]	Time 1.88 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.9556 (9.8934)
Epoch:[1411][16/18]	Time 2.09 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.6273 (9.8778)
Epoch:[1411][17/18]	Time 1.80 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.9268 (9.8805)
epoch 1411 finished, takes 44.175232887268066 seconds
Epoch:[1412][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9105 (9.9105)
Epoch:[1412][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9625 (9.9365)
Epoch:[1412][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1930 (10.0220)
Epoch:[1412][ 3/18]	Time 2.31 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1397 (10.0514)
Epoch:[1412][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9923 (10.0396)
Epoch:[1412][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2718 (9.9116)
Epoch:[1412][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2544 (9.8177)
Epoch:[1412][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7998 (9.8155)
Epoch:[1412][ 8/18]	Time 2.33 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0377 (9.8402)
Epoch:[1412][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0435 (9.8605)
Epoch:[1412][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9132 (9.8653)
Epoch:[1412][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9973 (9.8763)
Epoch:[1412][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9930 (9.8853)
Epoch:[1412][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2065 (9.9082)
Epoch:[1412][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3054 (9.9347)
Epoch:[1412][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6004 (9.9138)
Epoch:[1412][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2148 (9.9315)
Epoch:[1412][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6530 (9.9160)
epoch 1412 finished, takes 34.121004581451416 seconds
Epoch:[1413][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9379 (9.9379)
Epoch:[1413][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8483 (9.8931)
Epoch:[1413][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0956 (9.9606)
Epoch:[1413][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9431 (9.9562)
Epoch:[1413][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7623 (9.9174)
Epoch:[1413][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5070 (9.8490)
Epoch:[1413][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6832 (9.8253)
Epoch:[1413][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9013 (9.8348)
Epoch:[1413][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3498 (9.8920)
Epoch:[1413][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5016 (9.8530)
Epoch:[1413][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9167 (9.8588)
Epoch:[1413][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5808 (9.8356)
Epoch:[1413][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0595 (9.8528)
Epoch:[1413][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9532 (9.8600)
Epoch:[1413][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0751 (9.8744)
Epoch:[1413][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3448 (9.8413)
Epoch:[1413][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1683 (9.8605)
Epoch:[1413][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3678 (9.8331)
epoch 1413 finished, takes 33.64960861206055 seconds
Epoch:[1414][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7272 (9.7272)
Epoch:[1414][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9031 (9.8152)
Epoch:[1414][ 2/18]	Time 2.20 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6708 (9.7670)
Epoch:[1414][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6110 (9.9780)
Epoch:[1414][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4737 (10.0772)
Epoch:[1414][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4602 (9.9743)
Epoch:[1414][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8218 (9.9525)
Epoch:[1414][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6835 (9.9189)
Epoch:[1414][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5901 (9.8824)
Epoch:[1414][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4364 (9.8378)
Epoch:[1414][10/18]	Time 1.58 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2263 (9.8731)
Epoch:[1414][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1701 (9.8978)
Epoch:[1414][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0537 (9.9098)
Epoch:[1414][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9132 (9.9101)
Epoch:[1414][14/18]	Time 1.58 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0811 (9.9215)
Epoch:[1414][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9234 (9.9216)
Epoch:[1414][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4352 (9.8930)
Epoch:[1414][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7786 (9.8866)
epoch 1414 finished, takes 33.67672324180603 seconds
Epoch:[1415][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6627 (9.6627)
Epoch:[1415][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4217 (10.0422)
Epoch:[1415][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9488 (10.0110)
Epoch:[1415][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8748 (9.9770)
Epoch:[1415][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3355 (10.0487)
Epoch:[1415][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3535 (10.0995)
Epoch:[1415][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5101 (10.1582)
Epoch:[1415][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7720 (10.1099)
Epoch:[1415][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8510 (10.0811)
Epoch:[1415][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4662 (10.1196)
Epoch:[1415][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7006 (10.0815)
Epoch:[1415][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7775 (10.0562)
Epoch:[1415][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1393 (10.0626)
Epoch:[1415][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8062 (10.0443)
Epoch:[1415][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2111 (10.0554)
Epoch:[1415][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7892 (10.0388)
Epoch:[1415][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9258 (10.0321)
Epoch:[1415][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8566 (10.0224)
epoch 1415 finished, takes 34.114296197891235 seconds
Epoch:[1416][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1217 (10.1217)
Epoch:[1416][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7975 (9.9596)
Epoch:[1416][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4654 (9.7949)
Epoch:[1416][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3780 (9.9406)
Epoch:[1416][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9645 (9.9454)
Epoch:[1416][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0208 (9.9580)
Epoch:[1416][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0753 (9.9747)
Epoch:[1416][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0256 (9.9811)
Epoch:[1416][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5035 (10.0391)
Epoch:[1416][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8780 (10.0230)
Epoch:[1416][10/18]	Time 1.54 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1376 (10.0334)
Epoch:[1416][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9504 (10.0265)
Epoch:[1416][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7751 (10.0072)
Epoch:[1416][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8617 (9.9968)
Epoch:[1416][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0995 (10.0036)
Epoch:[1416][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1580 (10.0133)
Epoch:[1416][16/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5174 (10.0429)
Epoch:[1416][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3046 (10.0575)
epoch 1416 finished, takes 34.24309420585632 seconds
Epoch:[1417][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3851 (10.3851)
Epoch:[1417][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7677 (10.0764)
Epoch:[1417][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9517 (10.0348)
Epoch:[1417][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3959 (9.8751)
Epoch:[1417][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3797 (9.7760)
Epoch:[1417][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9890 (9.8115)
Epoch:[1417][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4092 (9.7540)
Epoch:[1417][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0715 (9.7937)
Epoch:[1417][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7882 (9.7931)
Epoch:[1417][ 9/18]	Time 1.57 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7372 (9.7875)
Epoch:[1417][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7978 (9.7884)
Epoch:[1417][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8979 (9.7976)
Epoch:[1417][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9811 (9.8117)
Epoch:[1417][13/18]	Time 2.15 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7413 (9.8067)
Epoch:[1417][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3010 (9.8396)
Epoch:[1417][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9115 (9.8441)
Epoch:[1417][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0901 (9.8586)
Epoch:[1417][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1103 (9.8726)
epoch 1417 finished, takes 33.28584170341492 seconds
Epoch:[1418][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9831 (9.9831)
Epoch:[1418][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2221 (10.1026)
Epoch:[1418][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0701 (10.0918)
Epoch:[1418][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3457 (10.1553)
Epoch:[1418][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9888 (10.1220)
Epoch:[1418][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7897 (10.0666)
Epoch:[1418][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3440 (9.9634)
Epoch:[1418][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.9566 (10.0875)
Epoch:[1418][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5483 (10.0276)
Epoch:[1418][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0731 (10.0322)
Epoch:[1418][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1883 (10.0464)
Epoch:[1418][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8419 (10.0293)
Epoch:[1418][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9696 (10.0247)
Epoch:[1418][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0403 (10.0258)
Epoch:[1418][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0048 (10.0244)
Epoch:[1418][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8926 (10.0162)
Epoch:[1418][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6016 (10.0506)
Epoch:[1418][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6042 (10.0258)
epoch 1418 finished, takes 34.16393733024597 seconds
Epoch:[1419][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8283 (9.8283)
Epoch:[1419][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9463 (9.8873)
Epoch:[1419][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6048 (9.7931)
Epoch:[1419][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6983 (9.7694)
Epoch:[1419][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7464 (9.7648)
Epoch:[1419][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6320 (9.7427)
Epoch:[1419][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4402 (9.6995)
Epoch:[1419][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5107 (9.6759)
Epoch:[1419][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8386 (9.6939)
Epoch:[1419][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8506 (9.7096)
Epoch:[1419][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2131 (9.7554)
Epoch:[1419][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2454 (9.7962)
Epoch:[1419][12/18]	Time 2.20 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9201 (9.8057)
Epoch:[1419][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8723 (9.8105)
Epoch:[1419][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9585 (9.8204)
Epoch:[1419][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0142 (9.8325)
Epoch:[1419][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8184 (9.8316)
Epoch:[1419][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7131 (9.8251)
epoch 1419 finished, takes 34.17080616950989 seconds
Epoch:[1420][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0647 (10.0647)
Epoch:[1420][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8060 (9.9353)
Epoch:[1420][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4775 (9.7827)
Epoch:[1420][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0830 (9.8578)
Epoch:[1420][ 4/18]	Time 2.23 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3786 (9.9619)
Epoch:[1420][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6986 (9.9181)
Epoch:[1420][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9458 (9.9220)
Epoch:[1420][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1084 (9.9453)
Epoch:[1420][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0378 (9.9556)
Epoch:[1420][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6770 (9.9277)
Epoch:[1420][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6155 (9.8994)
Epoch:[1420][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3784 (9.9393)
Epoch:[1420][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8850 (9.9351)
Epoch:[1420][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8650 (9.9301)
Epoch:[1420][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0328 (9.9369)
Epoch:[1420][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0048 (9.9412)
Epoch:[1420][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6308 (9.9229)
Epoch:[1420][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8594 (9.9194)
epoch 1420 finished, takes 33.41390872001648 seconds
Epoch:[1421][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9314 (9.9314)
Epoch:[1421][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5645 (9.7479)
Epoch:[1421][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0144 (9.8368)
Epoch:[1421][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5323 (9.7606)
Epoch:[1421][ 4/18]	Time 1.62 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4717 (9.7029)
Epoch:[1421][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0702 (9.7641)
Epoch:[1421][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0631 (9.8068)
Epoch:[1421][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3060 (9.8692)
Epoch:[1421][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4557 (9.8233)
Epoch:[1421][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7257 (9.8135)
Epoch:[1421][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9764 (9.8283)
Epoch:[1421][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0389 (9.8459)
Epoch:[1421][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8338 (9.8449)
Epoch:[1421][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3308 (9.8082)
Epoch:[1421][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8782 (9.8129)
Epoch:[1421][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9453 (9.8211)
Epoch:[1421][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7016 (9.8141)
Epoch:[1421][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1314 (9.8317)
epoch 1421 finished, takes 33.78901433944702 seconds
Epoch:[1422][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8338 (9.8338)
Epoch:[1422][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8545 (9.8441)
Epoch:[1422][ 2/18]	Time 1.62 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5942 (9.7608)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5788121354174579  precision:  0.6245932700223262  f1:  0.5354739961559604 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73097826 0.74489796 0.20259481 0.2262861 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7555985534580829  precision:  0.773775418184738  f1:  0.7569757571364094 perclass recall:  [0.95265888 0.6375     0.796875   0.77324263 0.6835443  0.71498771
 0.76493256 0.72104733]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7090992018863936  precision:  0.7125581200413548  f1:  0.6993655379803898 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96399457 0.95968992 0.42938931 0.9        0.54900744]
Epoch:[1422][ 3/18]	Time 12.39 (4.42)	Data 10.36 (2.59)	Loss 9.9490 (9.8079)
Epoch:[1422][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (3.90)	Data 0.00 (2.07)	Loss 10.1937 (9.8850)
Epoch:[1422][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (3.57)	Data 0.00 (1.73)	Loss 10.0584 (9.9139)
Epoch:[1422][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (3.31)	Data 0.00 (1.48)	Loss 9.8980 (9.9116)
Epoch:[1422][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (3.14)	Data 0.00 (1.30)	Loss 9.9690 (9.9188)
Epoch:[1422][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (3.02)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.5156 (9.8740)
Epoch:[1422][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (2.89)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 9.6223 (9.8488)
Epoch:[1422][10/18]	Time 1.72 (2.78)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.9860 (9.8613)
Epoch:[1422][11/18]	Time 1.74 (2.70)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.9478 (9.8685)
Epoch:[1422][12/18]	Time 1.78 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.7768 (9.8615)
Epoch:[1422][13/18]	Time 2.15 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 10.2311 (9.8879)
Epoch:[1422][14/18]	Time 1.94 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.5516 (9.8654)
Epoch:[1422][15/18]	Time 1.75 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.4859 (9.8417)
Epoch:[1422][16/18]	Time 1.75 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.8772 (9.8438)
Epoch:[1422][17/18]	Time 1.83 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.6867 (9.8351)
epoch 1422 finished, takes 43.557074308395386 seconds
Epoch:[1423][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5990 (9.5990)
Epoch:[1423][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4942 (9.5466)
Epoch:[1423][ 2/18]	Time 1.60 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4130 (9.5021)
Epoch:[1423][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1687 (9.6687)
Epoch:[1423][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7447 (9.6839)
Epoch:[1423][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4739 (9.6489)
Epoch:[1423][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8244 (9.6740)
Epoch:[1423][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5734 (9.7864)
Epoch:[1423][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6422 (9.7704)
Epoch:[1423][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8044 (9.7738)
Epoch:[1423][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4069 (9.8313)
Epoch:[1423][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1052 (9.8542)
Epoch:[1423][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6701 (9.8400)
Epoch:[1423][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8347 (9.8396)
Epoch:[1423][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0701 (9.8550)
Epoch:[1423][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6057 (9.9019)
Epoch:[1423][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6564 (9.8875)
Epoch:[1423][17/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0980 (9.8992)
epoch 1423 finished, takes 34.00852608680725 seconds
Epoch:[1424][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5074 (9.5074)
Epoch:[1424][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9034 (9.7054)
Epoch:[1424][ 2/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4050 (9.6053)
Epoch:[1424][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2172 (9.7583)
Epoch:[1424][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8315 (9.7729)
Epoch:[1424][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0366 (9.8168)
Epoch:[1424][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4198 (9.9030)
Epoch:[1424][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9141 (9.9044)
Epoch:[1424][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8824 (9.9019)
Epoch:[1424][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8762 (9.8993)
Epoch:[1424][10/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0631 (9.9142)
Epoch:[1424][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0941 (9.9292)
Epoch:[1424][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9888 (9.9338)
Epoch:[1424][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0103 (9.9393)
Epoch:[1424][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5674 (9.9145)
Epoch:[1424][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0786 (9.9247)
Epoch:[1424][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5202 (9.9009)
Epoch:[1424][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7993 (9.8953)
epoch 1424 finished, takes 34.189764738082886 seconds
Epoch:[1425][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9023 (9.9023)
Epoch:[1425][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5161 (9.7092)
Epoch:[1425][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9697 (9.7960)
Epoch:[1425][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2348 (9.9057)
Epoch:[1425][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7985 (9.8843)
Epoch:[1425][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9784 (9.9000)
Epoch:[1425][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3027 (9.9575)
Epoch:[1425][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7580 (9.9326)
Epoch:[1425][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4711 (9.8813)
Epoch:[1425][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5569 (9.9489)
Epoch:[1425][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6108 (9.9181)
Epoch:[1425][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8225 (9.9102)
Epoch:[1425][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9558 (9.9137)
Epoch:[1425][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4436 (9.8801)
Epoch:[1425][14/18]	Time 2.23 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4209 (9.8495)
Epoch:[1425][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9153 (9.8536)
Epoch:[1425][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4030 (9.8271)
Epoch:[1425][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1100 (9.8428)
epoch 1425 finished, takes 34.40344548225403 seconds
Epoch:[1426][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6713 (9.6713)
Epoch:[1426][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1376 (9.9045)
Epoch:[1426][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7297 (9.8462)
Epoch:[1426][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4600 (9.7496)
Epoch:[1426][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6860 (9.7369)
Epoch:[1426][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6518 (9.7227)
Epoch:[1426][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8759 (9.7446)
Epoch:[1426][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1540 (9.7958)
Epoch:[1426][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2236 (9.8433)
Epoch:[1426][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4598 (9.9050)
Epoch:[1426][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3198 (9.8518)
Epoch:[1426][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1435 (9.8761)
Epoch:[1426][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7438 (9.8659)
Epoch:[1426][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6547 (9.8508)
Epoch:[1426][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1919 (9.8736)
Epoch:[1426][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8219 (9.8703)
Epoch:[1426][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7450 (9.8630)
Epoch:[1426][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9997 (9.8706)
epoch 1426 finished, takes 33.544230222702026 seconds
Epoch:[1427][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3719 (10.3719)
Epoch:[1427][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5601 (9.9660)
Epoch:[1427][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3926 (9.7749)
Epoch:[1427][ 3/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9991 (9.8309)
Epoch:[1427][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0182 (9.8684)
Epoch:[1427][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9038 (9.8743)
Epoch:[1427][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8813 (9.8753)
Epoch:[1427][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1444 (9.9089)
Epoch:[1427][ 8/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9398 (9.9124)
Epoch:[1427][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8197 (9.9031)
Epoch:[1427][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0664 (9.9179)
Epoch:[1427][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1906 (9.9407)
Epoch:[1427][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4888 (9.9059)
Epoch:[1427][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8614 (9.9027)
Epoch:[1427][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9390 (9.9051)
Epoch:[1427][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5181 (9.8810)
Epoch:[1427][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8776 (9.8808)
Epoch:[1427][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8833 (9.8809)
epoch 1427 finished, takes 34.07770252227783 seconds
Epoch:[1428][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0748 (10.0748)
Epoch:[1428][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9576 (10.0162)
Epoch:[1428][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9713 (10.0012)
Epoch:[1428][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7033 (9.9267)
Epoch:[1428][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9507 (9.9315)
Epoch:[1428][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4259 (9.8473)
Epoch:[1428][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1746 (9.8940)
Epoch:[1428][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6034 (9.8577)
Epoch:[1428][ 8/18]	Time 2.25 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8109 (9.8525)
Epoch:[1428][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0886 (9.8761)
Epoch:[1428][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0472 (9.8917)
Epoch:[1428][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8184 (9.8856)
Epoch:[1428][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3937 (9.9246)
Epoch:[1428][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7026 (9.9088)
Epoch:[1428][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9464 (9.9113)
Epoch:[1428][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5696 (9.8899)
Epoch:[1428][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0274 (9.8980)
Epoch:[1428][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8506 (9.8954)
epoch 1428 finished, takes 33.71534323692322 seconds
Epoch:[1429][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7099 (9.7099)
Epoch:[1429][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7189 (9.7144)
Epoch:[1429][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4437 (9.6242)
Epoch:[1429][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1796 (9.7630)
Epoch:[1429][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3515 (9.8807)
Epoch:[1429][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9451 (9.8915)
Epoch:[1429][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3974 (9.8209)
Epoch:[1429][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7564 (9.8128)
Epoch:[1429][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6025 (9.7895)
Epoch:[1429][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0659 (9.8171)
Epoch:[1429][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6576 (9.8026)
Epoch:[1429][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6796 (9.7924)
Epoch:[1429][12/18]	Time 2.20 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1530 (9.8201)
Epoch:[1429][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9596 (9.8301)
Epoch:[1429][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5678 (9.8126)
Epoch:[1429][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2974 (9.8429)
Epoch:[1429][16/18]	Time 1.55 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8508 (9.8433)
Epoch:[1429][17/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5455 (9.8268)
epoch 1429 finished, takes 33.94536113739014 seconds
Epoch:[1430][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0495 (10.0495)
Epoch:[1430][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7849 (9.9172)
Epoch:[1430][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6447 (9.8264)
Epoch:[1430][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9745 (9.8634)
Epoch:[1430][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9132 (9.8733)
Epoch:[1430][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6205 (9.8312)
Epoch:[1430][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9641 (9.8502)
Epoch:[1430][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4871 (9.8048)
Epoch:[1430][ 8/18]	Time 1.62 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6313 (9.7855)
Epoch:[1430][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6962 (9.7766)
Epoch:[1430][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7975 (9.7785)
Epoch:[1430][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9320 (9.7913)
Epoch:[1430][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8020 (9.7921)
Epoch:[1430][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8204 (9.7941)
Epoch:[1430][14/18]	Time 2.19 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6975 (9.7877)
Epoch:[1430][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9982 (9.8009)
Epoch:[1430][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7291 (9.8555)
Epoch:[1430][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2132 (9.8753)
epoch 1430 finished, takes 33.461939334869385 seconds
Epoch:[1431][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4559 (9.4559)
Epoch:[1431][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8612 (9.6586)
Epoch:[1431][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9409 (9.7527)
Epoch:[1431][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5744 (9.7081)
Epoch:[1431][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7527 (9.7170)
Epoch:[1431][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8705 (9.7426)
Epoch:[1431][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0547 (9.7872)
Epoch:[1431][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8339 (9.7930)
Epoch:[1431][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4327 (9.7530)
Epoch:[1431][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6024 (9.7379)
Epoch:[1431][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9370 (9.7560)
Epoch:[1431][11/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1033 (9.7850)
Epoch:[1431][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4583 (9.7598)
Epoch:[1431][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0528 (9.7808)
Epoch:[1431][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4330 (9.8243)
Epoch:[1431][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8573 (9.8263)
Epoch:[1431][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4751 (9.8057)
Epoch:[1431][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8052 (9.8056)
epoch 1431 finished, takes 33.87342190742493 seconds
Epoch:[1432][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5651 (9.5651)
Epoch:[1432][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7817 (9.6734)
Epoch:[1432][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5604 (9.6357)
Epoch:[1432][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7119 (9.6548)
Epoch:[1432][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7718 (9.6782)
Epoch:[1432][ 5/18]	Time 1.54 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5385 (9.6549)
Epoch:[1432][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7637 (9.6704)
Epoch:[1432][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7777 (9.6839)
Epoch:[1432][ 8/18]	Time 2.15 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0235 (9.7216)
Epoch:[1432][ 9/18]	Time 1.64 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7069 (9.7201)
Epoch:[1432][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8156 (9.7288)
Epoch:[1432][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1604 (9.7648)
Epoch:[1432][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9956 (9.7825)
Epoch:[1432][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0934 (9.8047)
Epoch:[1432][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8349 (9.8067)
Epoch:[1432][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9658 (9.8167)
Epoch:[1432][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9199 (9.8227)
Epoch:[1432][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5643 (9.8084)
epoch 1432 finished, takes 32.98220109939575 seconds
Epoch:[1433][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7200 (9.7200)
Epoch:[1433][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2589 (9.9895)
Epoch:[1433][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1224 (10.0338)
Epoch:[1433][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8205 (9.9805)
Epoch:[1433][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3936 (9.8631)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.6146703503752966  precision:  0.6539568433750359  f1:  0.5803318641364335 perclass recall:  [0.98740195 0.71538902 0.74607535 0.1996008  0.42488464]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7516958410215475  precision:  0.7697719417346536  f1:  0.75221642394363 perclass recall:  [0.9539559  0.62291667 0.796875   0.7755102  0.67848101 0.71990172
 0.76300578 0.70292044]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7061508990966231  precision:  0.711452794455438  f1:  0.6968844380597107 perclass recall:  [0.43575419 0.96399457 0.95813953 0.42938931 0.9        0.54962779]
Epoch:[1433][ 5/18]	Time 12.54 (3.71)	Data 10.38 (1.73)	Loss 10.1204 (9.9060)
Epoch:[1433][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (3.45)	Data 0.00 (1.48)	Loss 9.8330 (9.8955)
Epoch:[1433][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (3.23)	Data 0.00 (1.30)	Loss 9.5767 (9.8557)
Epoch:[1433][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (3.07)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.4398 (9.8095)
Epoch:[1433][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (2.96)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 9.9096 (9.8195)
Epoch:[1433][10/18]	Time 2.05 (2.88)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.8136 (9.8190)
Epoch:[1433][11/18]	Time 1.75 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 9.9415 (9.8292)
Epoch:[1433][12/18]	Time 1.81 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 10.5172 (9.8821)
Epoch:[1433][13/18]	Time 1.60 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.7339 (9.8715)
Epoch:[1433][14/18]	Time 1.89 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.4159 (9.8411)
Epoch:[1433][15/18]	Time 2.04 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.7988 (9.8385)
Epoch:[1433][16/18]	Time 1.62 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.4872 (9.8178)
Epoch:[1433][17/18]	Time 1.85 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 10.0154 (9.8288)
epoch 1433 finished, takes 44.24710774421692 seconds
Epoch:[1434][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5039 (9.5039)
Epoch:[1434][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3883 (9.4461)
Epoch:[1434][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2798 (9.3907)
Epoch:[1434][ 3/18]	Time 1.65 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6592 (9.4578)
Epoch:[1434][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7475 (9.5157)
Epoch:[1434][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6357 (9.5357)
Epoch:[1434][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6646 (9.5541)
Epoch:[1434][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2197 (9.6373)
Epoch:[1434][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7874 (9.6540)
Epoch:[1434][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1041 (9.6990)
Epoch:[1434][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5920 (9.6893)
Epoch:[1434][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9862 (9.7140)
Epoch:[1434][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7695 (9.7183)
Epoch:[1434][13/18]	Time 1.59 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8678 (9.7290)
Epoch:[1434][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7812 (9.7325)
Epoch:[1434][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1103 (9.7561)
Epoch:[1434][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4973 (9.7409)
Epoch:[1434][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7379 (9.7407)
epoch 1434 finished, takes 33.52902674674988 seconds
Epoch:[1435][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1473 (10.1473)
Epoch:[1435][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8797 (10.0135)
Epoch:[1435][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6269 (9.8846)
Epoch:[1435][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9342 (9.8970)
Epoch:[1435][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0169 (9.9210)
Epoch:[1435][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3420 (9.9912)
Epoch:[1435][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1014 (10.0069)
Epoch:[1435][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9769 (10.0032)
Epoch:[1435][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0016 (10.0030)
Epoch:[1435][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8800 (9.9907)
Epoch:[1435][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0557 (9.9966)
Epoch:[1435][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9920 (9.9962)
Epoch:[1435][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1632 (10.0091)
Epoch:[1435][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3461 (10.0331)
Epoch:[1435][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0304 (10.0330)
Epoch:[1435][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9650 (10.0287)
Epoch:[1435][16/18]	Time 1.58 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6918 (10.0089)
Epoch:[1435][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9173 (10.0038)
epoch 1435 finished, takes 33.625150203704834 seconds
Epoch:[1436][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3130 (10.3130)
Epoch:[1436][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2101 (10.2616)
Epoch:[1436][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7861 (10.1031)
Epoch:[1436][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9213 (10.0576)
Epoch:[1436][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0184 (10.0498)
Epoch:[1436][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9085 (10.0262)
Epoch:[1436][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2060 (9.9091)
Epoch:[1436][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5384 (9.8627)
Epoch:[1436][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6554 (9.8397)
Epoch:[1436][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0602 (9.8617)
Epoch:[1436][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5359 (9.9230)
Epoch:[1436][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8906 (9.9203)
Epoch:[1436][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8875 (9.9178)
Epoch:[1436][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0619 (9.9281)
Epoch:[1436][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7935 (9.9191)
Epoch:[1436][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6584 (9.9028)
Epoch:[1436][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6050 (9.8853)
Epoch:[1436][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2114 (9.9034)
epoch 1436 finished, takes 33.52136492729187 seconds
Epoch:[1437][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6228 (9.6228)
Epoch:[1437][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9407 (9.7817)
Epoch:[1437][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0640 (9.8758)
Epoch:[1437][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9830 (9.9026)
Epoch:[1437][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9774 (9.9176)
Epoch:[1437][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8087 (9.8994)
Epoch:[1437][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2945 (9.8130)
Epoch:[1437][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1542 (9.7307)
Epoch:[1437][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7996 (9.7383)
Epoch:[1437][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7773 (9.7422)
Epoch:[1437][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1232 (9.6859)
Epoch:[1437][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3511 (9.6580)
Epoch:[1437][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8782 (9.6750)
Epoch:[1437][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3862 (9.7258)
Epoch:[1437][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2227 (9.7589)
Epoch:[1437][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7908 (9.7609)
Epoch:[1437][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6515 (9.7545)
Epoch:[1437][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8449 (9.7595)
epoch 1437 finished, takes 33.17318105697632 seconds
Epoch:[1438][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8992 (9.8992)
Epoch:[1438][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5802 (9.7397)
Epoch:[1438][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6725 (9.7173)
Epoch:[1438][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7511 (9.7258)
Epoch:[1438][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8917 (9.7589)
Epoch:[1438][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2708 (9.8443)
Epoch:[1438][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3533 (9.7741)
Epoch:[1438][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6474 (9.7583)
Epoch:[1438][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2222 (9.8098)
Epoch:[1438][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6804 (9.7969)
Epoch:[1438][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3198 (9.7535)
Epoch:[1438][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9731 (9.7718)
Epoch:[1438][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0329 (9.7919)
Epoch:[1438][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4735 (9.7692)
Epoch:[1438][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2918 (9.8040)
Epoch:[1438][15/18]	Time 2.26 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0181 (9.8174)
Epoch:[1438][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9469 (9.8250)
Epoch:[1438][17/18]	Time 1.63 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6669 (9.8162)
epoch 1438 finished, takes 34.13256573677063 seconds
Epoch:[1439][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6811 (9.6811)
Epoch:[1439][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6051 (9.6431)
Epoch:[1439][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4615 (9.5825)
Epoch:[1439][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1119 (9.7149)
Epoch:[1439][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1715 (9.8062)
Epoch:[1439][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6624 (9.7822)
Epoch:[1439][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4962 (9.7414)
Epoch:[1439][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2328 (9.8028)
Epoch:[1439][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9622 (9.8205)
Epoch:[1439][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9574 (9.8342)
Epoch:[1439][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4692 (9.8010)
Epoch:[1439][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1905 (9.8335)
Epoch:[1439][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5096 (9.8086)
Epoch:[1439][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9723 (9.8203)
Epoch:[1439][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3427 (9.8551)
Epoch:[1439][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8772 (9.8565)
Epoch:[1439][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0387 (9.8672)
Epoch:[1439][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5437 (9.8492)
epoch 1439 finished, takes 34.14098238945007 seconds
Epoch:[1440][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7348 (9.7348)
Epoch:[1440][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7269 (9.7309)
Epoch:[1440][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4226 (9.6281)
Epoch:[1440][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3068 (9.7978)
Epoch:[1440][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1099 (9.8602)
Epoch:[1440][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0541 (9.8925)
Epoch:[1440][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6569 (9.8589)
Epoch:[1440][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8748 (9.8609)
Epoch:[1440][ 8/18]	Time 1.59 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3505 (9.8042)
Epoch:[1440][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4174 (9.7655)
Epoch:[1440][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9450 (9.7818)
Epoch:[1440][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5154 (9.7596)
Epoch:[1440][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8013 (9.7628)
Epoch:[1440][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2579 (9.7982)
Epoch:[1440][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4032 (9.7718)
Epoch:[1440][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6139 (9.7620)
Epoch:[1440][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1628 (9.7855)
Epoch:[1440][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4865 (9.7689)
epoch 1440 finished, takes 33.418482065200806 seconds
Epoch:[1441][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2579 (10.2579)
Epoch:[1441][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0717 (10.1648)
Epoch:[1441][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7215 (10.0171)
Epoch:[1441][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8530 (9.9761)
Epoch:[1441][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8219 (9.9452)
Epoch:[1441][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2568 (9.9971)
Epoch:[1441][ 6/18]	Time 2.19 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7320 (9.9593)
Epoch:[1441][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3130 (10.0035)
Epoch:[1441][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7855 (9.9793)
Epoch:[1441][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3825 (9.9196)
Epoch:[1441][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0048 (9.9273)
Epoch:[1441][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2859 (9.8739)
Epoch:[1441][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8155 (9.8694)
Epoch:[1441][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9045 (9.8719)
Epoch:[1441][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0924 (9.8866)
Epoch:[1441][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9976 (9.8935)
Epoch:[1441][16/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2675 (9.9155)
Epoch:[1441][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6325 (9.8998)
epoch 1441 finished, takes 34.20587730407715 seconds
Epoch:[1442][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0609 (10.0609)
Epoch:[1442][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5014 (9.7811)
Epoch:[1442][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3896 (9.6506)
Epoch:[1442][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2595 (9.5528)
Epoch:[1442][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9743 (9.6371)
Epoch:[1442][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7438 (9.6549)
Epoch:[1442][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7079 (9.6625)
Epoch:[1442][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1090 (9.7183)
Epoch:[1442][ 8/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8302 (9.7307)
Epoch:[1442][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7768 (9.7353)
Epoch:[1442][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8179 (9.7428)
Epoch:[1442][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9262 (9.7581)
Epoch:[1442][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2618 (9.7969)
Epoch:[1442][13/18]	Time 2.23 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8621 (9.8015)
Epoch:[1442][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9109 (9.8088)
Epoch:[1442][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9957 (9.8205)
Epoch:[1442][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9505 (9.8281)
Epoch:[1442][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7748 (9.8252)
epoch 1442 finished, takes 34.32805275917053 seconds
Epoch:[1443][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7209 (9.7209)
Epoch:[1443][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7206 (9.7208)
Epoch:[1443][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0367 (9.8261)
Epoch:[1443][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6621 (9.7851)
Epoch:[1443][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0863 (9.8453)
Epoch:[1443][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4984 (9.7875)
Epoch:[1443][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6719 (9.7710)
Epoch:[1443][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2937 (9.8363)
Epoch:[1443][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8261 (9.8352)
Epoch:[1443][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9039 (9.8421)
Epoch:[1443][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7320 (9.8321)
Epoch:[1443][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7151 (9.8223)
Epoch:[1443][12/18]	Time 1.46 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9134 (9.8293)
Epoch:[1443][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9963 (9.8413)
Epoch:[1443][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9310 (9.8472)
Epoch:[1443][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0020 (9.8569)
Epoch:[1443][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7493 (9.8506)
Epoch:[1443][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8056 (9.8481)
epoch 1443 finished, takes 33.29003047943115 seconds
Epoch:[1444][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7047 (9.7047)
Epoch:[1444][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9872 (9.8460)
Epoch:[1444][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0867 (9.9262)
Epoch:[1444][ 3/18]	Time 2.27 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2433 (10.0055)
Epoch:[1444][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9833 (10.0011)
Epoch:[1444][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0098 (10.0025)
Epoch:[1444][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2166 (10.0331)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5825817359121028  precision:  0.6371523643410402  f1:  0.5400796698371317 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.73684211 0.74607535 0.18995343 0.25192275]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7501339316727278  precision:  0.7697920882828999  f1:  0.7515001959382004 perclass recall:  [0.9539559  0.625      0.79464286 0.76870748 0.6835443  0.71498771
 0.75529865 0.70493454]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7096683511211284  precision:  0.7118977813237136  f1:  0.6993690537252476 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96399457 0.96124031 0.42938931 0.9        0.54528536]
Epoch:[1444][ 7/18]	Time 12.25 (3.19)	Data 10.34 (1.29)	Loss 9.6833 (9.9894)
Epoch:[1444][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (3.02)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 10.0435 (9.9954)
Epoch:[1444][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (2.89)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.8175 (9.9776)
Epoch:[1444][10/18]	Time 1.87 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.8360 (9.9647)
Epoch:[1444][11/18]	Time 1.97 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 10.2148 (9.9856)
Epoch:[1444][12/18]	Time 1.90 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.6150 (9.9571)
Epoch:[1444][13/18]	Time 1.85 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 10.2781 (9.9800)
Epoch:[1444][14/18]	Time 2.06 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.2692 (9.9993)
Epoch:[1444][15/18]	Time 1.77 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.0230 (10.0008)
Epoch:[1444][16/18]	Time 1.94 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.8804 (9.9937)
Epoch:[1444][17/18]	Time 1.93 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 10.1376 (10.0017)
epoch 1444 finished, takes 44.239431381225586 seconds
Epoch:[1445][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6929 (10.6929)
Epoch:[1445][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7511 (10.2220)
Epoch:[1445][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1902 (10.2114)
Epoch:[1445][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4158 (10.0125)
Epoch:[1445][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4365 (9.8973)
Epoch:[1445][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8428 (9.8882)
Epoch:[1445][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5282 (9.8368)
Epoch:[1445][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7141 (9.8214)
Epoch:[1445][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9004 (9.8302)
Epoch:[1445][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4693 (9.7941)
Epoch:[1445][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9413 (9.8075)
Epoch:[1445][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7609 (9.8036)
Epoch:[1445][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9438 (9.8144)
Epoch:[1445][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0210 (9.8292)
Epoch:[1445][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1133 (9.8481)
Epoch:[1445][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1830 (9.8690)
Epoch:[1445][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9040 (9.8711)
Epoch:[1445][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9554 (9.8758)
epoch 1445 finished, takes 34.42937874794006 seconds
Epoch:[1446][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9422 (9.9422)
Epoch:[1446][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2712 (10.1067)
Epoch:[1446][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0554 (10.0896)
Epoch:[1446][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3273 (9.8990)
Epoch:[1446][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9032 (9.8999)
Epoch:[1446][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0149 (9.9190)
Epoch:[1446][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0192 (9.9333)
Epoch:[1446][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2808 (9.8518)
Epoch:[1446][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1000 (9.8794)
Epoch:[1446][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8313 (9.8746)
Epoch:[1446][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2338 (9.9072)
Epoch:[1446][11/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0085 (9.9157)
Epoch:[1446][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0818 (9.9284)
Epoch:[1446][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2573 (9.8805)
Epoch:[1446][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6305 (9.8638)
Epoch:[1446][15/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5806 (9.8461)
Epoch:[1446][16/18]	Time 2.30 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0479 (9.8580)
Epoch:[1446][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7030 (9.8494)
epoch 1446 finished, takes 34.41740274429321 seconds
Epoch:[1447][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7876 (9.7876)
Epoch:[1447][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9965 (9.8920)
Epoch:[1447][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5941 (9.7927)
Epoch:[1447][ 3/18]	Time 2.18 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3324 (9.9276)
Epoch:[1447][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8327 (9.9086)
Epoch:[1447][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8369 (9.8967)
Epoch:[1447][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1787 (9.9370)
Epoch:[1447][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1409 (9.9625)
Epoch:[1447][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7077 (9.9341)
Epoch:[1447][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6694 (9.9077)
Epoch:[1447][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7562 (9.8939)
Epoch:[1447][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9353 (9.8974)
Epoch:[1447][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2146 (9.9218)
Epoch:[1447][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6438 (9.9019)
Epoch:[1447][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7085 (9.8890)
Epoch:[1447][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1500 (9.9053)
Epoch:[1447][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7519 (9.8963)
Epoch:[1447][17/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7310 (9.8871)
epoch 1447 finished, takes 33.81251001358032 seconds
Epoch:[1448][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2865 (10.2865)
Epoch:[1448][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7138 (10.0002)
Epoch:[1448][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0330 (10.0111)
Epoch:[1448][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1777 (10.0527)
Epoch:[1448][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5911 (9.9604)
Epoch:[1448][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9828 (9.9641)
Epoch:[1448][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6216 (10.0581)
Epoch:[1448][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4543 (10.1076)
Epoch:[1448][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5401 (10.0445)
Epoch:[1448][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9091 (10.0310)
Epoch:[1448][10/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3359 (10.0587)
Epoch:[1448][11/18]	Time 1.57 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7972 (10.0369)
Epoch:[1448][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9375 (10.0293)
Epoch:[1448][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8312 (10.0151)
Epoch:[1448][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1344 (9.9564)
Epoch:[1448][15/18]	Time 2.23 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9303 (9.9548)
Epoch:[1448][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3634 (9.9200)
Epoch:[1448][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7809 (9.9123)
epoch 1448 finished, takes 34.13172960281372 seconds
Epoch:[1449][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1836 (10.1836)
Epoch:[1449][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1901 (10.1868)
Epoch:[1449][ 2/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6430 (10.0056)
Epoch:[1449][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2772 (9.8235)
Epoch:[1449][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1863 (9.8960)
Epoch:[1449][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6938 (9.8623)
Epoch:[1449][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5808 (9.8221)
Epoch:[1449][ 7/18]	Time 2.20 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7205 (9.8094)
Epoch:[1449][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9273 (9.8225)
Epoch:[1449][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7534 (9.8156)
Epoch:[1449][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3705 (9.8660)
Epoch:[1449][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1389 (9.8888)
Epoch:[1449][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8228 (9.8837)
Epoch:[1449][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8204 (9.8792)
Epoch:[1449][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2549 (9.9042)
Epoch:[1449][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4788 (9.8776)
Epoch:[1449][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4877 (9.9135)
Epoch:[1449][17/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2335 (9.9313)
epoch 1449 finished, takes 34.7628915309906 seconds
Epoch:[1450][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8191 (9.8191)
Epoch:[1450][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4827 (9.6509)
Epoch:[1450][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3418 (9.5479)
Epoch:[1450][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8629 (9.6267)
Epoch:[1450][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5155 (9.6044)
Epoch:[1450][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9275 (9.6583)
Epoch:[1450][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7825 (9.6760)
Epoch:[1450][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5738 (9.6632)
Epoch:[1450][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7348 (9.6712)
Epoch:[1450][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3527 (9.7393)
Epoch:[1450][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7894 (9.7439)
Epoch:[1450][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8944 (9.7564)
Epoch:[1450][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5840 (9.8201)
Epoch:[1450][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5098 (9.7979)
Epoch:[1450][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8058 (9.7985)
Epoch:[1450][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1174 (9.8184)
Epoch:[1450][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8678 (9.8213)
Epoch:[1450][17/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6978 (9.8144)
epoch 1450 finished, takes 33.975985288619995 seconds
Epoch:[1451][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7375 (9.7375)
Epoch:[1451][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8156 (9.7765)
Epoch:[1451][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9537 (9.8356)
Epoch:[1451][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7299 (9.8092)
Epoch:[1451][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0334 (9.8540)
Epoch:[1451][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7617 (9.8386)
Epoch:[1451][ 6/18]	Time 2.32 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8293 (9.8373)
Epoch:[1451][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3449 (9.7757)
Epoch:[1451][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7258 (9.7702)
Epoch:[1451][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0531 (9.7985)
Epoch:[1451][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0257 (9.8191)
Epoch:[1451][11/18]	Time 2.20 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8948 (9.8254)
Epoch:[1451][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6631 (9.8899)
Epoch:[1451][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0306 (9.8999)
Epoch:[1451][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0934 (9.9128)
Epoch:[1451][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4692 (9.9476)
Epoch:[1451][16/18]	Time 2.11 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8533 (9.9421)
Epoch:[1451][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7665 (9.9323)
epoch 1451 finished, takes 34.48332858085632 seconds
Epoch:[1452][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0212 (10.0212)
Epoch:[1452][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8651 (9.9432)
Epoch:[1452][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0669 (9.9844)
Epoch:[1452][ 3/18]	Time 2.37 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9467 (9.9750)
Epoch:[1452][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6182 (9.9036)
Epoch:[1452][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0025 (9.9201)
Epoch:[1452][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0413 (9.9374)
Epoch:[1452][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0143 (9.9470)
Epoch:[1452][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0726 (9.9610)
Epoch:[1452][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0330 (9.9682)
Epoch:[1452][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5359 (9.9289)
Epoch:[1452][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7238 (9.9118)
Epoch:[1452][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 11.0164 (9.9967)
Epoch:[1452][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8493 (9.9862)
Epoch:[1452][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8787 (9.9791)
Epoch:[1452][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8933 (9.9737)
Epoch:[1452][16/18]	Time 1.62 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6190 (9.9528)
Epoch:[1452][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2321 (9.9683)
epoch 1452 finished, takes 33.91879415512085 seconds
Epoch:[1453][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1214 (10.1214)
Epoch:[1453][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8599 (9.9906)
Epoch:[1453][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6563 (9.8792)
Epoch:[1453][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5461 (9.7959)
Epoch:[1453][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7627 (9.7893)
Epoch:[1453][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1585 (9.8508)
Epoch:[1453][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3939 (9.9284)
Epoch:[1453][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9530 (9.9315)
Epoch:[1453][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5078 (9.8844)
Epoch:[1453][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9598 (9.8919)
Epoch:[1453][10/18]	Time 2.23 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2774 (9.9270)
Epoch:[1453][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5246 (9.8934)
Epoch:[1453][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2764 (9.9229)
Epoch:[1453][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9335 (9.9237)
Epoch:[1453][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1251 (9.9371)
Epoch:[1453][15/18]	Time 2.23 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8564 (9.9320)
Epoch:[1453][16/18]	Time 1.63 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6926 (9.9180)
Epoch:[1453][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1800 (9.9325)
epoch 1453 finished, takes 34.1267614364624 seconds
Epoch:[1454][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4644 (9.4644)
Epoch:[1454][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3901 (9.4272)
Epoch:[1454][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3404 (9.7316)
Epoch:[1454][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0258 (9.8052)
Epoch:[1454][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6256 (9.7692)
Epoch:[1454][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6017 (9.7413)
Epoch:[1454][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1528 (9.6573)
Epoch:[1454][ 7/18]	Time 2.24 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9380 (9.6924)
Epoch:[1454][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1619 (9.7445)
Epoch:[1454][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5934 (9.7294)
Epoch:[1454][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9957 (9.7536)
Epoch:[1454][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6275 (9.7431)
Epoch:[1454][12/18]	Time 2.24 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9827 (9.7615)
Epoch:[1454][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2158 (9.7940)
Epoch:[1454][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1878 (9.8202)
Epoch:[1454][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0751 (9.8362)
Epoch:[1454][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9266 (9.8415)
Epoch:[1454][17/18]	Time 2.26 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9545 (9.8478)
epoch 1454 finished, takes 34.71582841873169 seconds
Epoch:[1455][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8220 (9.8220)
Epoch:[1455][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8152 (9.8186)
Epoch:[1455][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9887 (9.8753)
Epoch:[1455][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8692 (9.8738)
Epoch:[1455][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2008 (9.9392)
Epoch:[1455][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6367 (9.8888)
Epoch:[1455][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7773 (9.8729)
Epoch:[1455][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5997 (9.8387)
Epoch:[1455][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8311 (9.8379)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5812362622221905  precision:  0.6309516661858933  f1:  0.5388338690749441 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.7346968  0.74489796 0.20159681 0.23568621]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7492834679595615  precision:  0.7679102784712302  f1:  0.7503885720856411 perclass recall:  [0.9539559  0.625      0.796875   0.75283447 0.69367089 0.71253071
 0.75144509 0.70795569]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7088745622487571  precision:  0.7132633064151767  f1:  0.6990507366334576 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96467391 0.95968992 0.42557252 0.9030303  0.54776675]
Epoch:[1455][ 9/18]	Time 12.35 (2.90)	Data 10.33 (1.03)	Loss 9.7830 (9.8324)
Epoch:[1455][10/18]	Time 1.75 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.9139 (9.8398)
Epoch:[1455][11/18]	Time 1.93 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.9310 (9.8474)
Epoch:[1455][12/18]	Time 1.97 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.8323 (9.8462)
Epoch:[1455][13/18]	Time 1.67 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.9505 (9.8537)
Epoch:[1455][14/18]	Time 1.91 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.7487 (9.8467)
Epoch:[1455][15/18]	Time 1.94 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.0379 (9.8586)
Epoch:[1455][16/18]	Time 1.72 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.1929 (9.8783)
Epoch:[1455][17/18]	Time 1.59 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.7557 (9.8715)
epoch 1455 finished, takes 43.51896548271179 seconds
Epoch:[1456][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0794 (10.0794)
Epoch:[1456][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5994 (9.8394)
Epoch:[1456][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6472 (9.7753)
Epoch:[1456][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1899 (9.8790)
Epoch:[1456][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6816 (9.8395)
Epoch:[1456][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9209 (9.8531)
Epoch:[1456][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7202 (9.8341)
Epoch:[1456][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9254 (9.8455)
Epoch:[1456][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7444 (9.8343)
Epoch:[1456][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6209 (9.8129)
Epoch:[1456][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1437 (9.8430)
Epoch:[1456][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0376 (9.8592)
Epoch:[1456][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9504 (9.8662)
Epoch:[1456][13/18]	Time 1.60 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4097 (9.8336)
Epoch:[1456][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1066 (9.8518)
Epoch:[1456][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0202 (9.8623)
Epoch:[1456][16/18]	Time 2.22 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9274 (9.8662)
Epoch:[1456][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4750 (9.8444)
epoch 1456 finished, takes 34.10399580001831 seconds
Epoch:[1457][ 0/18]	Time 1.55 (1.55)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4290 (9.4290)
Epoch:[1457][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5424 (9.9857)
Epoch:[1457][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3095 (10.0936)
Epoch:[1457][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0490 (10.0825)
Epoch:[1457][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6026 (9.9865)
Epoch:[1457][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2558 (10.0314)
Epoch:[1457][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2831 (10.0673)
Epoch:[1457][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8825 (10.0442)
Epoch:[1457][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7588 (10.0125)
Epoch:[1457][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5608 (9.9673)
Epoch:[1457][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6301 (9.9367)
Epoch:[1457][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7394 (9.9203)
Epoch:[1457][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0342 (9.9290)
Epoch:[1457][13/18]	Time 2.31 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0941 (9.9408)
Epoch:[1457][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0138 (9.9457)
Epoch:[1457][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7742 (9.9350)
Epoch:[1457][16/18]	Time 1.59 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7402 (9.9235)
Epoch:[1457][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6937 (9.9107)
epoch 1457 finished, takes 33.46503448486328 seconds
Epoch:[1458][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8998 (9.8998)
Epoch:[1458][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5051 (9.7025)
Epoch:[1458][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9448 (9.7833)
Epoch:[1458][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6657 (9.7539)
Epoch:[1458][ 4/18]	Time 1.58 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3277 (9.6686)
Epoch:[1458][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8922 (9.7059)
Epoch:[1458][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5253 (9.6801)
Epoch:[1458][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0377 (9.5998)
Epoch:[1458][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8644 (9.6292)
Epoch:[1458][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8271 (9.6490)
Epoch:[1458][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4606 (9.6319)
Epoch:[1458][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7628 (9.6428)
Epoch:[1458][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6957 (9.6468)
Epoch:[1458][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5716 (9.6415)
Epoch:[1458][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3234 (9.6869)
Epoch:[1458][15/18]	Time 2.20 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9506 (9.7034)
Epoch:[1458][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7038 (9.7034)
Epoch:[1458][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8788 (9.7132)
epoch 1458 finished, takes 33.26237440109253 seconds
Epoch:[1459][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9413 (9.9413)
Epoch:[1459][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6363 (9.7888)
Epoch:[1459][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5245 (9.7007)
Epoch:[1459][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5836 (9.6714)
Epoch:[1459][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2978 (9.7967)
Epoch:[1459][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6420 (9.7709)
Epoch:[1459][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9923 (9.8025)
Epoch:[1459][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0176 (9.8294)
Epoch:[1459][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1189 (9.8616)
Epoch:[1459][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1018 (9.8856)
Epoch:[1459][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0924 (9.9044)
Epoch:[1459][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7641 (9.8927)
Epoch:[1459][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8465 (9.8892)
Epoch:[1459][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9825 (9.8958)
Epoch:[1459][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3113 (9.9235)
Epoch:[1459][15/18]	Time 2.29 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8225 (9.9172)
Epoch:[1459][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9470 (9.9190)
Epoch:[1459][17/18]	Time 2.30 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9629 (9.9214)
epoch 1459 finished, takes 34.72644519805908 seconds
Epoch:[1460][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0929 (10.0929)
Epoch:[1460][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6186 (9.8557)
Epoch:[1460][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1305 (9.9473)
Epoch:[1460][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5357 (9.8444)
Epoch:[1460][ 4/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8874 (9.8530)
Epoch:[1460][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7152 (9.8300)
Epoch:[1460][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6701 (9.8072)
Epoch:[1460][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7353 (9.9232)
Epoch:[1460][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5155 (9.8779)
Epoch:[1460][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7651 (9.8666)
Epoch:[1460][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7642 (9.8573)
Epoch:[1460][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9547 (9.8654)
Epoch:[1460][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9993 (9.8757)
Epoch:[1460][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0446 (9.8878)
Epoch:[1460][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5196 (9.9299)
Epoch:[1460][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8678 (9.9260)
Epoch:[1460][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6688 (9.9109)
Epoch:[1460][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8778 (9.9091)
epoch 1460 finished, takes 33.66203451156616 seconds
Epoch:[1461][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4921 (9.4921)
Epoch:[1461][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7731 (9.6326)
Epoch:[1461][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6806 (9.6486)
Epoch:[1461][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0631 (9.7522)
Epoch:[1461][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6915 (9.7401)
Epoch:[1461][ 5/18]	Time 1.61 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8845 (9.7641)
Epoch:[1461][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5026 (9.7268)
Epoch:[1461][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3362 (9.6780)
Epoch:[1461][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8006 (9.6916)
Epoch:[1461][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5353 (9.6760)
Epoch:[1461][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2044 (9.7240)
Epoch:[1461][11/18]	Time 2.12 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8207 (9.7321)
Epoch:[1461][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2897 (9.7750)
Epoch:[1461][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7959 (9.7765)
Epoch:[1461][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9454 (9.7877)
Epoch:[1461][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6928 (9.7818)
Epoch:[1461][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5883 (9.8292)
Epoch:[1461][17/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4288 (9.8070)
epoch 1461 finished, takes 33.072872161865234 seconds
Epoch:[1462][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7202 (9.7202)
Epoch:[1462][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0321 (9.8761)
Epoch:[1462][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9098 (9.8874)
Epoch:[1462][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7013 (10.0908)
Epoch:[1462][ 4/18]	Time 1.61 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4609 (9.9648)
Epoch:[1462][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5528 (9.8962)
Epoch:[1462][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7911 (9.8812)
Epoch:[1462][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6918 (9.8575)
Epoch:[1462][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9833 (9.8715)
Epoch:[1462][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7634 (9.8607)
Epoch:[1462][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8314 (9.8580)
Epoch:[1462][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3545 (9.8994)
Epoch:[1462][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5879 (9.8754)
Epoch:[1462][13/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8632 (9.8745)
Epoch:[1462][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2372 (9.8987)
Epoch:[1462][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4732 (9.8721)
Epoch:[1462][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5587 (9.8537)
Epoch:[1462][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2360 (9.8749)
epoch 1462 finished, takes 33.49063158035278 seconds
Epoch:[1463][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6486 (9.6486)
Epoch:[1463][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8123 (9.7305)
Epoch:[1463][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8490 (9.7700)
Epoch:[1463][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9489 (9.8147)
Epoch:[1463][ 4/18]	Time 2.08 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6023 (9.9722)
Epoch:[1463][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0136 (9.9791)
Epoch:[1463][ 6/18]	Time 1.60 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2605 (10.0193)
Epoch:[1463][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8839 (10.0024)
Epoch:[1463][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2030 (10.0247)
Epoch:[1463][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8755 (10.0098)
Epoch:[1463][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0241 (10.0111)
Epoch:[1463][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9355 (10.0048)
Epoch:[1463][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0123 (10.0054)
Epoch:[1463][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7697 (9.9885)
Epoch:[1463][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8892 (9.9819)
Epoch:[1463][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6710 (9.9625)
Epoch:[1463][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9734 (9.9631)
Epoch:[1463][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6207 (9.9441)
epoch 1463 finished, takes 34.62411570549011 seconds
Epoch:[1464][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5667 (9.5667)
Epoch:[1464][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7772 (9.6719)
Epoch:[1464][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9133 (9.7524)
Epoch:[1464][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8447 (9.7755)
Epoch:[1464][ 4/18]	Time 1.61 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0458 (9.8295)
Epoch:[1464][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0916 (9.8732)
Epoch:[1464][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1902 (9.9185)
Epoch:[1464][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6161 (9.8807)
Epoch:[1464][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8122 (9.8731)
Epoch:[1464][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9573 (9.8815)
Epoch:[1464][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7554 (9.8700)
Epoch:[1464][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7403 (9.8592)
Epoch:[1464][12/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2816 (9.8917)
Epoch:[1464][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5737 (9.8690)
Epoch:[1464][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2363 (9.8268)
Epoch:[1464][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9888 (9.8370)
Epoch:[1464][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0515 (9.8496)
Epoch:[1464][17/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0385 (9.8601)
epoch 1464 finished, takes 34.15059852600098 seconds
Epoch:[1465][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4251 (9.4251)
Epoch:[1465][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4401 (9.4326)
Epoch:[1465][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3686 (9.4113)
Epoch:[1465][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5061 (9.4350)
Epoch:[1465][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9836 (9.5447)
Epoch:[1465][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5640 (9.5479)
Epoch:[1465][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7504 (9.5769)
Epoch:[1465][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7746 (9.6016)
Epoch:[1465][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8843 (9.6330)
Epoch:[1465][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6947 (9.6392)
Epoch:[1465][10/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8739 (9.6605)
Epoch:[1465][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2338 (9.7083)
Epoch:[1465][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1028 (9.7386)
Epoch:[1465][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9592 (9.7544)
Epoch:[1465][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9745 (9.7690)
Epoch:[1465][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4625 (9.7499)
Epoch:[1465][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0293 (9.7663)
Epoch:[1465][17/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9747 (9.7779)
epoch 1465 finished, takes 33.13360667228699 seconds
Epoch:[1466][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4235 (10.4235)
Epoch:[1466][ 1/18]	Time 2.30 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7400 (10.0818)
Epoch:[1466][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6654 (9.9430)
Epoch:[1466][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7671 (9.8990)
Epoch:[1466][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2662 (9.9724)
Epoch:[1466][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9032 (9.9609)
Epoch:[1466][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5423 (9.9011)
Epoch:[1466][ 7/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6318 (9.8674)
Epoch:[1466][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4366 (9.8196)
Epoch:[1466][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5116 (9.7888)
Epoch:[1466][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7023 (9.7809)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5656106255753974  precision:  0.6132990779394522  f1:  0.5160573274298539 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73383867 0.74489796 0.20226214 0.15775081]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7471866996534104  precision:  0.7681200367496717  f1:  0.7491619984662413 perclass recall:  [0.95460441 0.61458333 0.78794643 0.75056689 0.69620253 0.71007371
 0.7495183  0.71399799]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7077127135908455  precision:  0.7132253046483809  f1:  0.6980956337513559 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96399457 0.95968992 0.42366412 0.90454545 0.55024814]
Epoch:[1466][11/18]	Time 12.29 (2.73)	Data 10.38 (0.87)	Loss 9.3653 (9.7463)
Epoch:[1466][12/18]	Time 1.86 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.8320 (9.7529)
Epoch:[1466][13/18]	Time 1.87 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.8545 (9.7601)
Epoch:[1466][14/18]	Time 1.87 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 10.1923 (9.7889)
Epoch:[1466][15/18]	Time 1.77 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.8078 (9.7901)
Epoch:[1466][16/18]	Time 1.89 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.1239 (9.8098)
Epoch:[1466][17/18]	Time 1.79 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 10.1251 (9.8273)
epoch 1466 finished, takes 43.86907124519348 seconds
Epoch:[1467][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8947 (9.8947)
Epoch:[1467][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6131 (10.2539)
Epoch:[1467][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3779 (9.9619)
Epoch:[1467][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8742 (9.9400)
Epoch:[1467][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9637 (9.9447)
Epoch:[1467][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8962 (9.9366)
Epoch:[1467][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7233 (9.9061)
Epoch:[1467][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9092 (9.9065)
Epoch:[1467][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9863 (9.9154)
Epoch:[1467][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1052 (9.9344)
Epoch:[1467][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6737 (9.9107)
Epoch:[1467][11/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9698 (9.9156)
Epoch:[1467][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0480 (9.9258)
Epoch:[1467][13/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8533 (9.9206)
Epoch:[1467][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0575 (9.9297)
Epoch:[1467][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9336 (9.9300)
Epoch:[1467][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0152 (9.9350)
Epoch:[1467][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1098 (9.9447)
epoch 1467 finished, takes 34.417553424835205 seconds
Epoch:[1468][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9035 (9.9035)
Epoch:[1468][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6504 (9.7770)
Epoch:[1468][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2573 (9.9371)
Epoch:[1468][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4344 (10.0614)
Epoch:[1468][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3619 (9.9215)
Epoch:[1468][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3495 (9.9929)
Epoch:[1468][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9141 (9.9816)
Epoch:[1468][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4254 (9.9121)
Epoch:[1468][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8730 (9.9077)
Epoch:[1468][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3848 (9.8554)
Epoch:[1468][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8758 (9.8573)
Epoch:[1468][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8321 (9.8552)
Epoch:[1468][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6707 (9.8410)
Epoch:[1468][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0396 (9.8552)
Epoch:[1468][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5052 (9.8319)
Epoch:[1468][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9050 (9.8364)
Epoch:[1468][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9285 (9.8418)
Epoch:[1468][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0138 (9.8514)
epoch 1468 finished, takes 33.54786014556885 seconds
Epoch:[1469][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2065 (10.2065)
Epoch:[1469][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6516 (9.9290)
Epoch:[1469][ 2/18]	Time 2.22 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0586 (9.9722)
Epoch:[1469][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6119 (9.8822)
Epoch:[1469][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6266 (9.8311)
Epoch:[1469][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7773 (9.8221)
Epoch:[1469][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6791 (9.9445)
Epoch:[1469][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0566 (9.9585)
Epoch:[1469][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6538 (9.9247)
Epoch:[1469][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0417 (9.9364)
Epoch:[1469][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1460 (9.9554)
Epoch:[1469][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0746 (9.9654)
Epoch:[1469][12/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2684 (9.9887)
Epoch:[1469][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6378 (9.9636)
Epoch:[1469][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6619 (9.9435)
Epoch:[1469][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7759 (9.9330)
Epoch:[1469][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6615 (9.9171)
Epoch:[1469][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7589 (9.9083)
epoch 1469 finished, takes 33.99401259422302 seconds
Epoch:[1470][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5462 (9.5462)
Epoch:[1470][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6421 (9.5942)
Epoch:[1470][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0512 (9.7465)
Epoch:[1470][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8500 (9.7724)
Epoch:[1470][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2569 (9.8693)
Epoch:[1470][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9488 (9.8826)
Epoch:[1470][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6642 (9.8514)
Epoch:[1470][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0377 (9.8747)
Epoch:[1470][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0650 (9.8958)
Epoch:[1470][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6047 (9.8667)
Epoch:[1470][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7784 (9.8587)
Epoch:[1470][11/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2149 (9.8884)
Epoch:[1470][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3596 (9.9246)
Epoch:[1470][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5341 (9.8967)
Epoch:[1470][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1189 (9.9115)
Epoch:[1470][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3139 (9.8742)
Epoch:[1470][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0904 (9.8869)
Epoch:[1470][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5294 (9.8670)
epoch 1470 finished, takes 33.81479525566101 seconds
Epoch:[1471][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2624 (10.2624)
Epoch:[1471][ 1/18]	Time 2.16 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2606 (9.7615)
Epoch:[1471][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9219 (9.8149)
Epoch:[1471][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8405 (9.8213)
Epoch:[1471][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1160 (9.8802)
Epoch:[1471][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1842 (9.7642)
Epoch:[1471][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6439 (9.7471)
Epoch:[1471][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6746 (9.7380)
Epoch:[1471][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3050 (9.8010)
Epoch:[1471][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4878 (9.7697)
Epoch:[1471][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0976 (9.7995)
Epoch:[1471][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0529 (9.8206)
Epoch:[1471][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8303 (9.8214)
Epoch:[1471][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0197 (9.8355)
Epoch:[1471][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0470 (9.8496)
Epoch:[1471][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3820 (9.8829)
Epoch:[1471][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4296 (9.8562)
Epoch:[1471][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1357 (9.8718)
epoch 1471 finished, takes 33.73716163635254 seconds
Epoch:[1472][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2220 (9.2220)
Epoch:[1472][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8944 (9.5582)
Epoch:[1472][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0292 (9.7152)
Epoch:[1472][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8194 (9.7413)
Epoch:[1472][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8258 (9.7582)
Epoch:[1472][ 5/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9237 (9.7858)
Epoch:[1472][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6291 (9.7634)
Epoch:[1472][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4661 (9.7262)
Epoch:[1472][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9392 (9.7499)
Epoch:[1472][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6726 (9.7422)
Epoch:[1472][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6948 (9.8288)
Epoch:[1472][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0992 (9.8513)
Epoch:[1472][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9215 (9.8567)
Epoch:[1472][13/18]	Time 2.18 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2385 (9.8840)
Epoch:[1472][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7215 (9.8731)
Epoch:[1472][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4856 (9.8489)
Epoch:[1472][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8603 (9.8496)
Epoch:[1472][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6023 (9.8359)
epoch 1472 finished, takes 34.18049168586731 seconds
Epoch:[1473][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0962 (9.0962)
Epoch:[1473][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9913 (9.5438)
Epoch:[1473][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9086 (9.6654)
Epoch:[1473][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7176 (9.6784)
Epoch:[1473][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0041 (9.7436)
Epoch:[1473][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4683 (9.6977)
Epoch:[1473][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5665 (9.6790)
Epoch:[1473][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9642 (9.7146)
Epoch:[1473][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9304 (9.7386)
Epoch:[1473][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6773 (9.7325)
Epoch:[1473][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5334 (9.7144)
Epoch:[1473][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6426 (9.7084)
Epoch:[1473][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0041 (9.7311)
Epoch:[1473][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8601 (9.7403)
Epoch:[1473][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3315 (9.7797)
Epoch:[1473][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7770 (9.7796)
Epoch:[1473][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1790 (9.8031)
Epoch:[1473][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7538 (9.8003)
epoch 1473 finished, takes 33.568373680114746 seconds
Epoch:[1474][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1035 (10.1035)
Epoch:[1474][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8620 (9.9827)
Epoch:[1474][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9612 (9.9755)
Epoch:[1474][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7863 (9.9282)
Epoch:[1474][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1386 (9.9703)
Epoch:[1474][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4553 (9.8845)
Epoch:[1474][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7695 (9.8680)
Epoch:[1474][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0296 (9.7632)
Epoch:[1474][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0472 (9.7948)
Epoch:[1474][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6823 (9.7835)
Epoch:[1474][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5627 (9.7635)
Epoch:[1474][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8562 (9.7712)
Epoch:[1474][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2867 (9.7339)
Epoch:[1474][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9729 (9.7510)
Epoch:[1474][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5137 (9.7352)
Epoch:[1474][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9643 (9.7495)
Epoch:[1474][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4517 (9.7320)
Epoch:[1474][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4885 (9.7740)
epoch 1474 finished, takes 33.805824279785156 seconds
Epoch:[1475][ 0/18]	Time 2.13 (2.13)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8802 (9.8802)
Epoch:[1475][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8524 (9.8663)
Epoch:[1475][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8519 (9.8615)
Epoch:[1475][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9495 (9.8835)
Epoch:[1475][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0057 (9.9079)
Epoch:[1475][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8878 (9.9046)
Epoch:[1475][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9992 (9.9181)
Epoch:[1475][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7263 (9.8941)
Epoch:[1475][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4873 (9.8489)
Epoch:[1475][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1867 (9.8827)
Epoch:[1475][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1894 (9.9106)
Epoch:[1475][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8068 (9.9019)
Epoch:[1475][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0369 (9.9123)
Epoch:[1475][13/18]	Time 1.64 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9522 (9.9152)
Epoch:[1475][14/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7622 (9.9050)
Epoch:[1475][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7912 (9.8979)
Epoch:[1475][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0540 (9.9070)
Epoch:[1475][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1513 (9.9206)
epoch 1475 finished, takes 34.26841688156128 seconds
Epoch:[1476][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5370 (9.5370)
Epoch:[1476][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8235 (9.6803)
Epoch:[1476][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5875 (9.6494)
Epoch:[1476][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8658 (9.7035)
Epoch:[1476][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3305 (9.8289)
Epoch:[1476][ 5/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2742 (9.7364)
Epoch:[1476][ 6/18]	Time 2.18 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7689 (9.7411)
Epoch:[1476][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5370 (9.7156)
Epoch:[1476][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7527 (9.7197)
Epoch:[1476][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5728 (9.7050)
Epoch:[1476][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7619 (9.7102)
Epoch:[1476][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7761 (9.7157)
Epoch:[1476][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0855 (9.7441)
Epoch:[1476][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8853 (9.7542)
Epoch:[1476][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3607 (9.7280)
Epoch:[1476][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2243 (9.7590)
Epoch:[1476][16/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6062 (9.7500)
Epoch:[1476][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2243 (9.7764)
epoch 1476 finished, takes 33.88928270339966 seconds
Epoch:[1477][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1560 (10.1560)
Epoch:[1477][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3959 (10.2760)
Epoch:[1477][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8787 (10.1435)
Epoch:[1477][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7992 (10.0574)
Epoch:[1477][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4532 (9.9366)
Epoch:[1477][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0591 (9.9570)
Epoch:[1477][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8250 (9.9382)
Epoch:[1477][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0689 (9.9545)
Epoch:[1477][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6081 (9.9160)
Epoch:[1477][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5600 (9.8804)
Epoch:[1477][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8199 (9.8749)
Epoch:[1477][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9003 (9.8770)
Epoch:[1477][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6548 (9.8599)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5643684529069884  precision:  0.6089860668598999  f1:  0.5138894684320517 perclass recall:  [0.98977894 0.73526888 0.74529042 0.20093147 0.15057255]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7501473496725849  precision:  0.7714670569883076  f1:  0.7515335656176299 perclass recall:  [0.95201038 0.60625    0.79241071 0.76870748 0.68860759 0.72481572
 0.75337187 0.71500504]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7069590985582375  precision:  0.712451483753746  f1:  0.6975277861521999 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96467391 0.95813953 0.42366412 0.90151515 0.54962779]
Epoch:[1477][13/18]	Time 13.00 (2.68)	Data 10.67 (0.76)	Loss 10.2282 (9.8862)
Epoch:[1477][14/18]	Time 1.79 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 9.1483 (9.8370)
Epoch:[1477][15/18]	Time 1.72 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 9.3296 (9.8053)
Epoch:[1477][16/18]	Time 1.76 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 10.1882 (9.8278)
Epoch:[1477][17/18]	Time 1.99 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.6872 (9.8200)
epoch 1477 finished, takes 44.84433174133301 seconds
Epoch:[1478][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0818 (10.0818)
Epoch:[1478][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5758 (9.8288)
Epoch:[1478][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9352 (9.8643)
Epoch:[1478][ 3/18]	Time 1.59 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0138 (9.9017)
Epoch:[1478][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8230 (9.8859)
Epoch:[1478][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5437 (9.8289)
Epoch:[1478][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1674 (9.7344)
Epoch:[1478][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2814 (9.8028)
Epoch:[1478][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1160 (9.8376)
Epoch:[1478][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9901 (9.8528)
Epoch:[1478][10/18]	Time 2.16 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7117 (9.8400)
Epoch:[1478][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9264 (9.8472)
Epoch:[1478][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0002 (9.8590)
Epoch:[1478][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9479 (9.8653)
Epoch:[1478][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0041 (9.8746)
Epoch:[1478][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9492 (9.8792)
Epoch:[1478][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4202 (9.8522)
Epoch:[1478][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9383 (9.8570)
epoch 1478 finished, takes 33.2159321308136 seconds
Epoch:[1479][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8323 (9.8323)
Epoch:[1479][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8601 (9.8462)
Epoch:[1479][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9851 (9.8925)
Epoch:[1479][ 3/18]	Time 1.59 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3664 (9.7610)
Epoch:[1479][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8869 (9.7862)
Epoch:[1479][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1276 (9.8431)
Epoch:[1479][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3517 (9.7729)
Epoch:[1479][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5641 (9.7468)
Epoch:[1479][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8278 (9.7558)
Epoch:[1479][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7541 (9.7556)
Epoch:[1479][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4534 (9.7281)
Epoch:[1479][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0622 (9.7560)
Epoch:[1479][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7889 (9.7585)
Epoch:[1479][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2884 (9.7249)
Epoch:[1479][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2617 (9.7607)
Epoch:[1479][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6855 (9.7560)
Epoch:[1479][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9244 (9.7659)
Epoch:[1479][17/18]	Time 2.23 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9995 (9.7789)
epoch 1479 finished, takes 34.27014994621277 seconds
Epoch:[1480][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8922 (9.8922)
Epoch:[1480][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2472 (10.0697)
Epoch:[1480][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4148 (9.8514)
Epoch:[1480][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6075 (9.7904)
Epoch:[1480][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8777 (9.8079)
Epoch:[1480][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3714 (9.7351)
Epoch:[1480][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9036 (9.7592)
Epoch:[1480][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8234 (9.7672)
Epoch:[1480][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1461 (9.8093)
Epoch:[1480][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7659 (9.8050)
Epoch:[1480][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2132 (9.8421)
Epoch:[1480][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3684 (9.8860)
Epoch:[1480][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0296 (9.8970)
Epoch:[1480][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2909 (9.8537)
Epoch:[1480][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1455 (9.8732)
Epoch:[1480][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4780 (9.9110)
Epoch:[1480][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9442 (9.9129)
Epoch:[1480][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7076 (9.9015)
epoch 1480 finished, takes 33.44274425506592 seconds
Epoch:[1481][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0298 (10.0298)
Epoch:[1481][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1686 (10.0992)
Epoch:[1481][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5412 (9.9132)
Epoch:[1481][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3723 (10.0280)
Epoch:[1481][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1695 (10.0563)
Epoch:[1481][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7560 (10.0062)
Epoch:[1481][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7636 (9.9716)
Epoch:[1481][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6408 (9.9302)
Epoch:[1481][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4097 (9.8724)
Epoch:[1481][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0912 (9.8943)
Epoch:[1481][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7650 (9.8825)
Epoch:[1481][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1995 (9.9089)
Epoch:[1481][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8312 (9.9029)
Epoch:[1481][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9656 (9.9074)
Epoch:[1481][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0840 (9.9192)
Epoch:[1481][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0241 (9.9257)
Epoch:[1481][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0165 (9.9311)
Epoch:[1481][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8374 (9.9259)
epoch 1481 finished, takes 34.27164387702942 seconds
Epoch:[1482][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8284 (9.8284)
Epoch:[1482][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8010 (9.8147)
Epoch:[1482][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0940 (9.9078)
Epoch:[1482][ 3/18]	Time 2.21 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1242 (9.9619)
Epoch:[1482][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7020 (9.9099)
Epoch:[1482][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8628 (9.9021)
Epoch:[1482][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2576 (9.8100)
Epoch:[1482][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5004 (9.7713)
Epoch:[1482][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6667 (9.7597)
Epoch:[1482][ 9/18]	Time 1.63 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5556 (9.7393)
Epoch:[1482][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8966 (9.7536)
Epoch:[1482][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3881 (9.8065)
Epoch:[1482][12/18]	Time 1.58 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6826 (9.7969)
Epoch:[1482][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9804 (9.8100)
Epoch:[1482][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1326 (9.8315)
Epoch:[1482][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6497 (9.8827)
Epoch:[1482][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9836 (9.8886)
Epoch:[1482][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9375 (9.8913)
epoch 1482 finished, takes 33.781641244888306 seconds
Epoch:[1483][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8974 (9.8974)
Epoch:[1483][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9914 (9.9444)
Epoch:[1483][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1689 (10.0192)
Epoch:[1483][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0504 (10.0270)
Epoch:[1483][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7201 (9.9656)
Epoch:[1483][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6608 (9.9148)
Epoch:[1483][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0751 (9.9377)
Epoch:[1483][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7261 (9.9113)
Epoch:[1483][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6873 (9.8864)
Epoch:[1483][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3584 (9.8336)
Epoch:[1483][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4554 (9.7992)
Epoch:[1483][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0697 (9.8218)
Epoch:[1483][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8022 (9.8202)
Epoch:[1483][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5551 (9.8013)
Epoch:[1483][14/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7813 (9.8000)
Epoch:[1483][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6766 (9.7923)
Epoch:[1483][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9294 (9.8003)
Epoch:[1483][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1042 (9.8172)
epoch 1483 finished, takes 33.906960248947144 seconds
Epoch:[1484][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6815 (9.6815)
Epoch:[1484][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6805 (9.6810)
Epoch:[1484][ 2/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9266 (9.7629)
Epoch:[1484][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3137 (9.6506)
Epoch:[1484][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0074 (9.7219)
Epoch:[1484][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7418 (9.7253)
Epoch:[1484][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2521 (9.8005)
Epoch:[1484][ 7/18]	Time 2.24 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5027 (9.7633)
Epoch:[1484][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1396 (9.6940)
Epoch:[1484][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0787 (9.7325)
Epoch:[1484][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8028 (9.7389)
Epoch:[1484][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8515 (9.7482)
Epoch:[1484][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5381 (9.8090)
Epoch:[1484][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1129 (9.8307)
Epoch:[1484][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0257 (9.8437)
Epoch:[1484][15/18]	Time 1.60 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7016 (9.8348)
Epoch:[1484][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7501 (9.8298)
Epoch:[1484][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2337 (9.8523)
epoch 1484 finished, takes 34.29703974723816 seconds
Epoch:[1485][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8174 (9.8174)
Epoch:[1485][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6085 (9.7130)
Epoch:[1485][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0143 (9.8134)
Epoch:[1485][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8533 (9.8234)
Epoch:[1485][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8841 (9.8355)
Epoch:[1485][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5567 (9.7891)
Epoch:[1485][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6531 (9.7696)
Epoch:[1485][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7958 (9.7729)
Epoch:[1485][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8733 (9.7841)
Epoch:[1485][ 9/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0330 (9.8090)
Epoch:[1485][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0403 (9.8300)
Epoch:[1485][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6399 (9.8142)
Epoch:[1485][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6809 (9.8039)
Epoch:[1485][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8919 (9.8102)
Epoch:[1485][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5809 (9.7949)
Epoch:[1485][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8211 (9.7965)
Epoch:[1485][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3900 (9.7726)
Epoch:[1485][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4646 (9.7555)
epoch 1485 finished, takes 34.13978147506714 seconds
Epoch:[1486][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8339 (9.8339)
Epoch:[1486][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2132 (10.0235)
Epoch:[1486][ 2/18]	Time 1.60 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2973 (9.7815)
Epoch:[1486][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2237 (9.8920)
Epoch:[1486][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1726 (9.9481)
Epoch:[1486][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9511 (9.9486)
Epoch:[1486][ 6/18]	Time 2.35 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9297 (9.9459)
Epoch:[1486][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9206 (9.9428)
Epoch:[1486][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8454 (9.9319)
Epoch:[1486][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5914 (9.8979)
Epoch:[1486][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8240 (9.8912)
Epoch:[1486][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6870 (9.8742)
Epoch:[1486][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0170 (9.8851)
Epoch:[1486][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8778 (9.8846)
Epoch:[1486][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2788 (9.9109)
Epoch:[1486][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6336 (9.8936)
Epoch:[1486][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6245 (9.8777)
Epoch:[1486][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9673 (9.8827)
epoch 1486 finished, takes 34.292370080947876 seconds
Epoch:[1487][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9913 (9.9913)
Epoch:[1487][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8352 (9.9132)
Epoch:[1487][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1681 (9.6649)
Epoch:[1487][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6380 (9.6582)
Epoch:[1487][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4108 (9.6087)
Epoch:[1487][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9763 (9.6700)
Epoch:[1487][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7989 (9.6884)
Epoch:[1487][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8332 (9.7065)
Epoch:[1487][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7327 (9.7094)
Epoch:[1487][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3891 (9.6774)
Epoch:[1487][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3130 (9.7351)
Epoch:[1487][11/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2718 (9.7799)
Epoch:[1487][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9156 (9.7903)
Epoch:[1487][13/18]	Time 2.21 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5192 (9.7709)
Epoch:[1487][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7332 (9.7684)
Epoch:[1487][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7471 (9.7671)
Epoch:[1487][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1852 (9.7917)
Epoch:[1487][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2356 (9.8163)
epoch 1487 finished, takes 33.74348545074463 seconds
Epoch:[1488][ 0/18]	Time 2.12 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4997 (9.4997)
Epoch:[1488][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4154 (9.4576)
Epoch:[1488][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1607 (9.6919)
Epoch:[1488][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5830 (9.6647)
Epoch:[1488][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2443 (9.7806)
Epoch:[1488][ 5/18]	Time 2.24 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4599 (9.7272)
Epoch:[1488][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8461 (9.7442)
Epoch:[1488][ 7/18]	Time 2.17 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0018 (9.7764)
Epoch:[1488][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7555 (9.7741)
Epoch:[1488][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3940 (9.7361)
Epoch:[1488][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3790 (9.7036)
Epoch:[1488][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9659 (9.7254)
Epoch:[1488][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7447 (9.7269)
Epoch:[1488][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6322 (9.7202)
Epoch:[1488][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6058 (9.7125)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5798694743918904  precision:  0.6272394311896841  f1:  0.5376191136427511 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.7271167  0.74450549 0.19777112 0.241839  ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7522086606282863  precision:  0.7720496595031486  f1:  0.7537340221981931 perclass recall:  [0.94941634 0.61458333 0.796875   0.76643991 0.69113924 0.71498771
 0.75915222 0.72507553]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7075262280127735  precision:  0.7122228821832932  f1:  0.6977702483517318 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96467391 0.96124031 0.42175573 0.9        0.54776675]
Epoch:[1488][15/18]	Time 12.67 (2.56)	Data 10.68 (0.67)	Loss 9.9246 (9.7258)
Epoch:[1488][16/18]	Time 1.80 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 9.4518 (9.7097)
Epoch:[1488][17/18]	Time 1.80 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 10.1645 (9.7349)
epoch 1488 finished, takes 44.52583575248718 seconds
Epoch:[1489][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7357 (9.7357)
Epoch:[1489][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8689 (9.8023)
Epoch:[1489][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8740 (9.8262)
Epoch:[1489][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1148 (9.8984)
Epoch:[1489][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9313 (9.9050)
Epoch:[1489][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0070 (9.9220)
Epoch:[1489][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8736 (9.9151)
Epoch:[1489][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8503 (9.9070)
Epoch:[1489][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0149 (9.9190)
Epoch:[1489][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8229 (9.9094)
Epoch:[1489][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8059 (9.8999)
Epoch:[1489][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8928 (9.8994)
Epoch:[1489][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8260 (9.8937)
Epoch:[1489][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8865 (9.8932)
Epoch:[1489][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7744 (9.8853)
Epoch:[1489][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4093 (9.8555)
Epoch:[1489][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0308 (9.8658)
Epoch:[1489][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8962 (9.8675)
epoch 1489 finished, takes 34.03844475746155 seconds
Epoch:[1490][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0911 (10.0911)
Epoch:[1490][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1327 (10.1119)
Epoch:[1490][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0111 (10.0783)
Epoch:[1490][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1880 (10.1057)
Epoch:[1490][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5471 (9.9940)
Epoch:[1490][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8258 (9.9660)
Epoch:[1490][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5402 (9.9052)
Epoch:[1490][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9888 (9.9156)
Epoch:[1490][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4882 (9.9792)
Epoch:[1490][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3741 (9.9187)
Epoch:[1490][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2003 (9.9443)
Epoch:[1490][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6636 (9.9209)
Epoch:[1490][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5422 (9.8918)
Epoch:[1490][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3524 (9.8533)
Epoch:[1490][14/18]	Time 2.22 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7495 (9.8464)
Epoch:[1490][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5185 (9.8259)
Epoch:[1490][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7700 (9.8226)
Epoch:[1490][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7582 (9.8190)
epoch 1490 finished, takes 34.54716110229492 seconds
Epoch:[1491][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6766 (10.6766)
Epoch:[1491][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6421 (10.1594)
Epoch:[1491][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8948 (10.0712)
Epoch:[1491][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9425 (10.0390)
Epoch:[1491][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5454 (9.9403)
Epoch:[1491][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3108 (10.0020)
Epoch:[1491][ 6/18]	Time 2.15 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7709 (9.9690)
Epoch:[1491][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6434 (9.9283)
Epoch:[1491][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0727 (9.9444)
Epoch:[1491][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9822 (9.9481)
Epoch:[1491][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3327 (9.8922)
Epoch:[1491][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9831 (9.8998)
Epoch:[1491][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0011 (9.9076)
Epoch:[1491][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6404 (9.8885)
Epoch:[1491][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4564 (9.8597)
Epoch:[1491][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8399 (9.8584)
Epoch:[1491][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2004 (9.8197)
Epoch:[1491][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9703 (9.8281)
epoch 1491 finished, takes 34.33035182952881 seconds
Epoch:[1492][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8684 (9.8684)
Epoch:[1492][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7627 (9.8156)
Epoch:[1492][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2952 (9.9754)
Epoch:[1492][ 3/18]	Time 2.22 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5771 (9.8758)
Epoch:[1492][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6795 (9.8366)
Epoch:[1492][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4847 (9.7779)
Epoch:[1492][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1151 (9.8261)
Epoch:[1492][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2568 (9.8799)
Epoch:[1492][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2528 (9.8103)
Epoch:[1492][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7276 (9.8020)
Epoch:[1492][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7579 (9.7980)
Epoch:[1492][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2277 (9.8338)
Epoch:[1492][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2325 (9.8645)
Epoch:[1492][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3984 (9.8312)
Epoch:[1492][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6426 (9.8186)
Epoch:[1492][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9010 (9.8238)
Epoch:[1492][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7648 (9.8203)
Epoch:[1492][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7005 (9.8136)
epoch 1492 finished, takes 34.293299436569214 seconds
Epoch:[1493][ 0/18]	Time 2.14 (2.14)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9894 (9.9894)
Epoch:[1493][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4183 (9.7038)
Epoch:[1493][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5487 (9.6521)
Epoch:[1493][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5668 (9.6308)
Epoch:[1493][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4445 (9.5935)
Epoch:[1493][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5365 (9.5840)
Epoch:[1493][ 6/18]	Time 1.64 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1731 (9.5253)
Epoch:[1493][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0261 (9.5879)
Epoch:[1493][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4652 (9.5743)
Epoch:[1493][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8726 (9.6041)
Epoch:[1493][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8129 (9.6231)
Epoch:[1493][11/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7920 (9.6372)
Epoch:[1493][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6831 (9.6407)
Epoch:[1493][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0927 (9.6730)
Epoch:[1493][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7461 (9.6779)
Epoch:[1493][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5132 (9.6676)
Epoch:[1493][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8790 (9.6800)
Epoch:[1493][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0350 (9.6997)
epoch 1493 finished, takes 34.33259153366089 seconds
Epoch:[1494][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4716 (9.4716)
Epoch:[1494][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7325 (9.6020)
Epoch:[1494][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2318 (9.4786)
Epoch:[1494][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6838 (9.5299)
Epoch:[1494][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9606 (9.6161)
Epoch:[1494][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2539 (9.7224)
Epoch:[1494][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4005 (9.6764)
Epoch:[1494][ 7/18]	Time 2.16 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7140 (9.6811)
Epoch:[1494][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4539 (9.6559)
Epoch:[1494][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1142 (9.7017)
Epoch:[1494][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5372 (9.6867)
Epoch:[1494][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8563 (9.7009)
Epoch:[1494][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4841 (9.6842)
Epoch:[1494][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8316 (9.6947)
Epoch:[1494][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5239 (9.6833)
Epoch:[1494][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4481 (9.6686)
Epoch:[1494][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8928 (9.6818)
Epoch:[1494][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6199 (9.6784)
epoch 1494 finished, takes 33.431049823760986 seconds
Epoch:[1495][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2379 (10.2379)
Epoch:[1495][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1532 (10.1955)
Epoch:[1495][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5208 (9.9706)
Epoch:[1495][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4929 (9.8512)
Epoch:[1495][ 4/18]	Time 2.12 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1506 (9.9111)
Epoch:[1495][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9701 (9.9209)
Epoch:[1495][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6516 (9.8824)
Epoch:[1495][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9909 (9.8960)
Epoch:[1495][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2521 (9.8245)
Epoch:[1495][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2458 (9.7666)
Epoch:[1495][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1895 (9.8050)
Epoch:[1495][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4800 (9.8613)
Epoch:[1495][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0975 (9.8795)
Epoch:[1495][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0458 (9.8913)
Epoch:[1495][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4475 (9.8618)
Epoch:[1495][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8821 (9.8630)
Epoch:[1495][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7023 (9.8536)
Epoch:[1495][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9614 (9.8596)
epoch 1495 finished, takes 34.101603746414185 seconds
Epoch:[1496][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9501 (9.9501)
Epoch:[1496][ 1/18]	Time 2.16 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9203 (9.9352)
Epoch:[1496][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0075 (9.9593)
Epoch:[1496][ 3/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7688 (9.9117)
Epoch:[1496][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4189 (9.8131)
Epoch:[1496][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7386 (9.8007)
Epoch:[1496][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6432 (9.7782)
Epoch:[1496][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7153 (9.7703)
Epoch:[1496][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6059 (9.7521)
Epoch:[1496][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9894 (9.7758)
Epoch:[1496][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4819 (9.7491)
Epoch:[1496][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3169 (9.7131)
Epoch:[1496][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8062 (9.7202)
Epoch:[1496][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2099 (9.6838)
Epoch:[1496][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0204 (9.7062)
Epoch:[1496][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3111 (9.7440)
Epoch:[1496][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6870 (9.7407)
Epoch:[1496][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8344 (9.7459)
epoch 1496 finished, takes 33.35875487327576 seconds
Epoch:[1497][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3284 (9.3284)
Epoch:[1497][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9888 (9.6586)
Epoch:[1497][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7193 (9.6788)
Epoch:[1497][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8644 (9.7252)
Epoch:[1497][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2547 (9.8311)
Epoch:[1497][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5085 (9.7773)
Epoch:[1497][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6909 (9.7650)
Epoch:[1497][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6526 (9.7510)
Epoch:[1497][ 8/18]	Time 2.21 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0802 (9.7875)
Epoch:[1497][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6119 (9.7700)
Epoch:[1497][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9127 (9.7829)
Epoch:[1497][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3376 (9.7458)
Epoch:[1497][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6351 (9.7373)
Epoch:[1497][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9425 (9.7520)
Epoch:[1497][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6693 (9.7465)
Epoch:[1497][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7737 (9.7482)
Epoch:[1497][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0448 (9.7656)
Epoch:[1497][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9372 (9.7751)
epoch 1497 finished, takes 34.12396788597107 seconds
Epoch:[1498][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8038 (9.8038)
Epoch:[1498][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9048 (9.8543)
Epoch:[1498][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7407 (9.8164)
Epoch:[1498][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3403 (9.6974)
Epoch:[1498][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2958 (9.8171)
Epoch:[1498][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7071 (9.7987)
Epoch:[1498][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8664 (9.8084)
Epoch:[1498][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5927 (9.7814)
Epoch:[1498][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5592 (9.7568)
Epoch:[1498][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3854 (9.8196)
Epoch:[1498][10/18]	Time 2.21 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6420 (9.8035)
Epoch:[1498][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6310 (9.7891)
Epoch:[1498][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8864 (9.7966)
Epoch:[1498][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6568 (9.7866)
Epoch:[1498][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8001 (9.7875)
Epoch:[1498][15/18]	Time 2.23 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8808 (9.7933)
Epoch:[1498][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6154 (9.7829)
Epoch:[1498][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7107 (9.7789)
epoch 1498 finished, takes 34.25806021690369 seconds
Epoch:[1499][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2120 (10.2120)
Epoch:[1499][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9933 (10.1027)
Epoch:[1499][ 2/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5207 (9.9087)
Epoch:[1499][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7379 (9.8660)
Epoch:[1499][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7351 (9.8398)
Epoch:[1499][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9907 (9.8650)
Epoch:[1499][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7542 (9.8491)
Epoch:[1499][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0102 (9.8693)
Epoch:[1499][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4776 (9.8258)
Epoch:[1499][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4968 (9.7929)
Epoch:[1499][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8049 (9.7940)
Epoch:[1499][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0306 (9.8137)
Epoch:[1499][12/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9708 (9.8258)
Epoch:[1499][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7752 (9.8222)
Epoch:[1499][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2103 (9.8480)
Epoch:[1499][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3316 (9.8158)
Epoch:[1499][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1870 (9.8376)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5808057845879648  precision:  0.6296444629365133  f1:  0.5380096450386485 perclass recall:  [0.98740195 0.73155034 0.74607535 0.20126414 0.23773714]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7525856260684448  precision:  0.7718703257318451  f1:  0.7546309916868752 perclass recall:  [0.95265888 0.6125     0.79910714 0.76417234 0.6835443  0.70761671
 0.76493256 0.73615307]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7050110755021581  precision:  0.7097000626355094  f1:  0.6947415094830923 perclass recall:  [0.43296089 0.96535326 0.96124031 0.42557252 0.90151515 0.54342432]
Epoch:[1499][17/18]	Time 12.45 (2.50)	Data 10.38 (0.58)	Loss 9.7541 (9.8329)
epoch 1499 finished, takes 45.034963607788086 seconds
Epoch:[1500][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9908 (9.9908)
Epoch:[1500][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0945 (10.0427)
Epoch:[1500][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8460 (9.9771)
Epoch:[1500][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6807 (9.9030)
Epoch:[1500][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0741 (9.9372)
Epoch:[1500][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9342 (9.9367)
Epoch:[1500][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6601 (9.8972)
Epoch:[1500][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3786 (9.8324)
Epoch:[1500][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3804 (9.7821)
Epoch:[1500][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7865 (9.7826)
Epoch:[1500][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2295 (9.8232)
Epoch:[1500][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2641 (9.7766)
Epoch:[1500][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7455 (9.7742)
Epoch:[1500][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0110 (9.7911)
Epoch:[1500][14/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9491 (9.8017)
Epoch:[1500][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8049 (9.8019)
Epoch:[1500][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9358 (9.8098)
Epoch:[1500][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7981 (9.8091)
epoch 1500 finished, takes 33.79704475402832 seconds
Epoch:[1501][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8439 (9.8439)
Epoch:[1501][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5049 (9.6744)
Epoch:[1501][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7501 (9.6996)
Epoch:[1501][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7086 (9.7019)
Epoch:[1501][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8493 (9.7314)
Epoch:[1501][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3591 (9.6693)
Epoch:[1501][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8541 (9.6957)
Epoch:[1501][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3405 (9.6513)
Epoch:[1501][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4322 (9.6270)
Epoch:[1501][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0131 (9.6656)
Epoch:[1501][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6367 (9.6629)
Epoch:[1501][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0947 (9.6989)
Epoch:[1501][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0344 (9.7247)
Epoch:[1501][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1162 (9.7527)
Epoch:[1501][14/18]	Time 1.61 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5533 (9.7394)
Epoch:[1501][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6233 (9.7321)
Epoch:[1501][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6489 (9.7272)
Epoch:[1501][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2143 (9.7543)
epoch 1501 finished, takes 34.00328993797302 seconds
Epoch:[1502][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5065 (9.5065)
Epoch:[1502][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9195 (9.7130)
Epoch:[1502][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3540 (9.9267)
Epoch:[1502][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6557 (9.8589)
Epoch:[1502][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9597 (9.8791)
Epoch:[1502][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9658 (9.8935)
Epoch:[1502][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5715 (9.8475)
Epoch:[1502][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5981 (9.8164)
Epoch:[1502][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5135 (9.7827)
Epoch:[1502][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1815 (9.8226)
Epoch:[1502][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8721 (9.8271)
Epoch:[1502][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4015 (9.8750)
Epoch:[1502][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4901 (9.8454)
Epoch:[1502][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7225 (9.8366)
Epoch:[1502][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2644 (9.7984)
Epoch:[1502][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5830 (9.7850)
Epoch:[1502][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3539 (9.8184)
Epoch:[1502][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3311 (9.8469)
epoch 1502 finished, takes 33.61527156829834 seconds
Epoch:[1503][ 0/18]	Time 2.22 (2.22)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6408 (9.6408)
Epoch:[1503][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3307 (9.4857)
Epoch:[1503][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6080 (9.5265)
Epoch:[1503][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6544 (9.5585)
Epoch:[1503][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0397 (9.6547)
Epoch:[1503][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2183 (9.7487)
Epoch:[1503][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6675 (9.7371)
Epoch:[1503][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4295 (9.8236)
Epoch:[1503][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0645 (9.8504)
Epoch:[1503][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0606 (9.8714)
Epoch:[1503][10/18]	Time 2.25 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9603 (9.8795)
Epoch:[1503][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4420 (9.8430)
Epoch:[1503][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6016 (9.8245)
Epoch:[1503][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8884 (9.8290)
Epoch:[1503][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2558 (9.8575)
Epoch:[1503][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2013 (9.8790)
Epoch:[1503][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1672 (9.8959)
Epoch:[1503][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7508 (9.8879)
epoch 1503 finished, takes 34.7800498008728 seconds
Epoch:[1504][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2154 (10.2154)
Epoch:[1504][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9738 (10.0946)
Epoch:[1504][ 2/18]	Time 2.27 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7039 (9.9644)
Epoch:[1504][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7759 (9.9173)
Epoch:[1504][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0243 (9.9387)
Epoch:[1504][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1907 (9.9807)
Epoch:[1504][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2322 (9.8737)
Epoch:[1504][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3288 (9.9306)
Epoch:[1504][ 8/18]	Time 2.14 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2369 (9.9647)
Epoch:[1504][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7138 (9.9396)
Epoch:[1504][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6749 (9.9155)
Epoch:[1504][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6611 (9.8943)
Epoch:[1504][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0998 (9.9101)
Epoch:[1504][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8747 (9.9076)
Epoch:[1504][14/18]	Time 1.59 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1008 (9.8538)
Epoch:[1504][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5479 (9.8347)
Epoch:[1504][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0143 (9.8452)
Epoch:[1504][17/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7828 (9.8418)
epoch 1504 finished, takes 34.6705060005188 seconds
Epoch:[1505][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9843 (9.9843)
Epoch:[1505][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5927 (9.7885)
Epoch:[1505][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5575 (9.7115)
Epoch:[1505][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1715 (9.8265)
Epoch:[1505][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1990 (9.9010)
Epoch:[1505][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1232 (9.9380)
Epoch:[1505][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0670 (9.9565)
Epoch:[1505][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7120 (9.9259)
Epoch:[1505][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5975 (9.8894)
Epoch:[1505][ 9/18]	Time 2.23 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8838 (9.8888)
Epoch:[1505][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7826 (9.8792)
Epoch:[1505][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0200 (9.8909)
Epoch:[1505][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5133 (9.8619)
Epoch:[1505][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4683 (9.9052)
Epoch:[1505][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8025 (9.8983)
Epoch:[1505][15/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6823 (9.8848)
Epoch:[1505][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1096 (9.8981)
Epoch:[1505][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8003 (9.8926)
epoch 1505 finished, takes 34.38654041290283 seconds
Epoch:[1506][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9224 (9.9224)
Epoch:[1506][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9314 (9.9269)
Epoch:[1506][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9099 (9.9212)
Epoch:[1506][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8260 (9.8974)
Epoch:[1506][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9979 (9.9175)
Epoch:[1506][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0077 (9.9325)
Epoch:[1506][ 6/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7327 (9.9040)
Epoch:[1506][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0559 (9.9230)
Epoch:[1506][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1759 (9.9511)
Epoch:[1506][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7590 (9.9319)
Epoch:[1506][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3376 (9.8779)
Epoch:[1506][11/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3638 (9.8350)
Epoch:[1506][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4111 (9.8024)
Epoch:[1506][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8518 (9.8059)
Epoch:[1506][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2396 (9.8348)
Epoch:[1506][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1171 (9.8525)
Epoch:[1506][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0234 (9.8625)
Epoch:[1506][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9722 (9.8686)
epoch 1506 finished, takes 34.17203879356384 seconds
Epoch:[1507][ 0/18]	Time 1.68 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2374 (9.2374)
Epoch:[1507][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9778 (9.6076)
Epoch:[1507][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8570 (9.6907)
Epoch:[1507][ 3/18]	Time 2.31 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7745 (9.7117)
Epoch:[1507][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8423 (9.7378)
Epoch:[1507][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0062 (9.7825)
Epoch:[1507][ 6/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5427 (9.7483)
Epoch:[1507][ 7/18]	Time 1.57 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1910 (9.8036)
Epoch:[1507][ 8/18]	Time 2.18 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0573 (9.8318)
Epoch:[1507][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4857 (9.8972)
Epoch:[1507][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6344 (9.8733)
Epoch:[1507][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6952 (9.8585)
Epoch:[1507][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7058 (9.8467)
Epoch:[1507][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1048 (9.7937)
Epoch:[1507][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2058 (9.7545)
Epoch:[1507][15/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5275 (9.8028)
Epoch:[1507][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8027 (9.8028)
Epoch:[1507][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2789 (9.7737)
epoch 1507 finished, takes 33.477088928222656 seconds
Epoch:[1508][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5017 (9.5017)
Epoch:[1508][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7321 (9.6169)
Epoch:[1508][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3712 (9.5350)
Epoch:[1508][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7600 (9.5912)
Epoch:[1508][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7377 (9.6205)
Epoch:[1508][ 5/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9453 (9.6747)
Epoch:[1508][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9258 (9.7106)
Epoch:[1508][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7039 (9.7097)
Epoch:[1508][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6633 (9.7046)
Epoch:[1508][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4414 (9.6782)
Epoch:[1508][10/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5089 (9.6628)
Epoch:[1508][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1007 (9.6993)
Epoch:[1508][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1322 (9.7326)
Epoch:[1508][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6266 (9.7251)
Epoch:[1508][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4800 (9.7087)
Epoch:[1508][15/18]	Time 2.27 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0185 (9.7281)
Epoch:[1508][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2161 (9.7568)
Epoch:[1508][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0578 (9.7735)
epoch 1508 finished, takes 34.592156410217285 seconds
Epoch:[1509][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7908 (9.7908)
Epoch:[1509][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8284 (9.8096)
Epoch:[1509][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7616 (9.7936)
Epoch:[1509][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6533 (9.7585)
Epoch:[1509][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7472 (9.7563)
Epoch:[1509][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6897 (9.7452)
Epoch:[1509][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5207 (9.7131)
Epoch:[1509][ 7/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2163 (9.7760)
Epoch:[1509][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8696 (9.7864)
Epoch:[1509][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7736 (9.7851)
Epoch:[1509][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6356 (9.7715)
Epoch:[1509][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1229 (9.8008)
Epoch:[1509][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9586 (9.8130)
Epoch:[1509][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8469 (9.8154)
Epoch:[1509][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8560 (9.8181)
Epoch:[1509][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1553 (9.8392)
Epoch:[1509][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8093 (9.8374)
Epoch:[1509][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2337 (9.8594)
epoch 1509 finished, takes 34.156386613845825 seconds
Epoch:[1510][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6952 (9.6952)
Epoch:[1510][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7773 (9.7362)
Epoch:[1510][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4371 (9.9699)
Epoch:[1510][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9963 (9.9765)
Epoch:[1510][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5275 (9.8867)
Epoch:[1510][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.01 (0.00)	Loss 10.0331 (9.9111)
Epoch:[1510][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7947 (9.8945)
Epoch:[1510][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9337 (9.8994)
Epoch:[1510][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1461 (9.9268)
Epoch:[1510][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9546 (9.9296)
Epoch:[1510][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4493 (9.8859)
Epoch:[1510][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4700 (9.8512)
Epoch:[1510][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4196 (9.8180)
Epoch:[1510][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5374 (9.7980)
Epoch:[1510][14/18]	Time 2.21 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7514 (9.7949)
Epoch:[1510][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4390 (9.7726)
Epoch:[1510][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0390 (9.7883)
Epoch:[1510][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4093 (9.7673)
epoch 1510 finished, takes 34.2266800403595 seconds
Epoch:[1511][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8390 (9.8390)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5619935902016449  precision:  0.608002704544649  f1:  0.5104832973006893 perclass recall:  [0.98763965 0.73455378 0.74568289 0.18895542 0.15313622]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7492291749214276  precision:  0.7696381158790314  f1:  0.7501102747861547 perclass recall:  [0.95201038 0.60416667 0.80580357 0.74376417 0.70632911 0.72235872
 0.75144509 0.70795569]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7062442925132899  precision:  0.708374681475875  f1:  0.6950145904187773 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96399457 0.96434109 0.43129771 0.90454545 0.53473945]
Epoch:[1511][ 1/18]	Time 12.58 (7.19)	Data 10.57 (5.28)	Loss 10.0687 (9.9539)
Epoch:[1511][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (5.35)	Data 0.00 (3.52)	Loss 9.6651 (9.8576)
Epoch:[1511][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (4.49)	Data 0.00 (2.64)	Loss 9.8008 (9.8434)
Epoch:[1511][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (3.93)	Data 0.00 (2.11)	Loss 9.4129 (9.7573)
Epoch:[1511][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (3.59)	Data 0.00 (1.76)	Loss 9.6912 (9.7463)
Epoch:[1511][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (3.38)	Data 0.00 (1.51)	Loss 9.3496 (9.6896)
Epoch:[1511][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (3.21)	Data 0.00 (1.32)	Loss 9.9769 (9.7255)
Epoch:[1511][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (3.06)	Data 0.00 (1.18)	Loss 9.8647 (9.7410)
Epoch:[1511][ 9/18]	Time 1.50 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.06)	Loss 9.2434 (9.6913)
Epoch:[1511][10/18]	Time 1.86 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 9.6529 (9.6878)
Epoch:[1511][11/18]	Time 2.28 (2.76)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 10.0873 (9.7211)
Epoch:[1511][12/18]	Time 1.67 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 10.0942 (9.7498)
Epoch:[1511][13/18]	Time 1.90 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 9.8664 (9.7581)
Epoch:[1511][14/18]	Time 1.73 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 9.3367 (9.7300)
Epoch:[1511][15/18]	Time 1.87 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 10.0436 (9.7496)
Epoch:[1511][16/18]	Time 2.12 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.5526 (9.7380)
Epoch:[1511][17/18]	Time 1.97 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.4450 (9.7217)
epoch 1511 finished, takes 44.41057229042053 seconds
Epoch:[1512][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1342 (10.1342)
Epoch:[1512][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8701 (10.0022)
Epoch:[1512][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5233 (9.8426)
Epoch:[1512][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7507 (9.8196)
Epoch:[1512][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3742 (9.9305)
Epoch:[1512][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3877 (9.8400)
Epoch:[1512][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3383 (9.7684)
Epoch:[1512][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4532 (9.7290)
Epoch:[1512][ 8/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6654 (9.7219)
Epoch:[1512][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9703 (9.6467)
Epoch:[1512][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0752 (9.6857)
Epoch:[1512][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7227 (9.6888)
Epoch:[1512][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9581 (9.7095)
Epoch:[1512][13/18]	Time 2.23 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9165 (9.7243)
Epoch:[1512][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7412 (9.7254)
Epoch:[1512][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4251 (9.7066)
Epoch:[1512][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1368 (9.7320)
Epoch:[1512][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9061 (9.7416)
epoch 1512 finished, takes 33.74071383476257 seconds
Epoch:[1513][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4446 (9.4446)
Epoch:[1513][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3436 (9.3941)
Epoch:[1513][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5908 (9.4597)
Epoch:[1513][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0457 (9.6062)
Epoch:[1513][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9811 (9.6812)
Epoch:[1513][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7163 (9.6870)
Epoch:[1513][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5428 (9.6664)
Epoch:[1513][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0079 (9.7091)
Epoch:[1513][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6148 (9.6986)
Epoch:[1513][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5153 (9.6803)
Epoch:[1513][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3819 (9.6532)
Epoch:[1513][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9080 (9.6744)
Epoch:[1513][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8385 (9.6870)
Epoch:[1513][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8671 (9.6999)
Epoch:[1513][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8002 (9.7066)
Epoch:[1513][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1521 (9.7344)
Epoch:[1513][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6413 (9.7878)
Epoch:[1513][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6479 (9.7800)
epoch 1513 finished, takes 33.864346981048584 seconds
Epoch:[1514][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8526 (9.8526)
Epoch:[1514][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5756 (9.7141)
Epoch:[1514][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4983 (9.6422)
Epoch:[1514][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1920 (9.7796)
Epoch:[1514][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8796 (9.7996)
Epoch:[1514][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1206 (9.6865)
Epoch:[1514][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4578 (9.6538)
Epoch:[1514][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8116 (9.6735)
Epoch:[1514][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0850 (9.7192)
Epoch:[1514][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2337 (9.7707)
Epoch:[1514][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7182 (9.7659)
Epoch:[1514][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9802 (9.7838)
Epoch:[1514][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5980 (9.7695)
Epoch:[1514][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4189 (9.7444)
Epoch:[1514][14/18]	Time 2.24 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3618 (9.7856)
Epoch:[1514][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9907 (9.7984)
Epoch:[1514][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3432 (9.8305)
Epoch:[1514][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8765 (9.8330)
epoch 1514 finished, takes 34.224387407302856 seconds
Epoch:[1515][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0805 (10.0805)
Epoch:[1515][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6232 (9.8518)
Epoch:[1515][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7369 (9.8135)
Epoch:[1515][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8908 (9.8328)
Epoch:[1515][ 4/18]	Time 2.21 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7463 (9.8155)
Epoch:[1515][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0347 (9.8521)
Epoch:[1515][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0013 (9.8734)
Epoch:[1515][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1356 (9.9061)
Epoch:[1515][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7282 (9.8864)
Epoch:[1515][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5920 (9.8569)
Epoch:[1515][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5422 (9.8283)
Epoch:[1515][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4353 (9.7956)
Epoch:[1515][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2526 (9.8307)
Epoch:[1515][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7357 (9.8239)
Epoch:[1515][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9075 (9.8295)
Epoch:[1515][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4931 (9.8085)
Epoch:[1515][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8179 (9.8090)
Epoch:[1515][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1965 (9.7750)
epoch 1515 finished, takes 34.14539122581482 seconds
Epoch:[1516][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6683 (9.6683)
Epoch:[1516][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7794 (9.2238)
Epoch:[1516][ 2/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4537 (9.3005)
Epoch:[1516][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9743 (9.4689)
Epoch:[1516][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9595 (9.5671)
Epoch:[1516][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6268 (9.5770)
Epoch:[1516][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5527 (9.5735)
Epoch:[1516][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7511 (9.5957)
Epoch:[1516][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0652 (9.6479)
Epoch:[1516][ 9/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7409 (9.6572)
Epoch:[1516][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6783 (9.6591)
Epoch:[1516][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3389 (9.7158)
Epoch:[1516][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1437 (9.7487)
Epoch:[1516][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5168 (9.7321)
Epoch:[1516][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6930 (9.7295)
Epoch:[1516][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6260 (9.7230)
Epoch:[1516][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0659 (9.7432)
Epoch:[1516][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5499 (9.7325)
epoch 1516 finished, takes 34.179389238357544 seconds
Epoch:[1517][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5588 (9.5588)
Epoch:[1517][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6434 (9.6011)
Epoch:[1517][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7020 (9.6347)
Epoch:[1517][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4761 (9.5951)
Epoch:[1517][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0724 (9.6905)
Epoch:[1517][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0971 (9.7583)
Epoch:[1517][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7150 (9.7521)
Epoch:[1517][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9343 (9.7749)
Epoch:[1517][ 8/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1899 (9.8210)
Epoch:[1517][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1922 (9.8581)
Epoch:[1517][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5811 (9.8329)
Epoch:[1517][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5936 (9.8130)
Epoch:[1517][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1545 (9.8393)
Epoch:[1517][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1186 (9.8592)
Epoch:[1517][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7557 (9.8523)
Epoch:[1517][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5745 (9.8350)
Epoch:[1517][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5903 (9.8206)
Epoch:[1517][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3721 (9.7956)
epoch 1517 finished, takes 34.299975872039795 seconds
Epoch:[1518][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6934 (9.6934)
Epoch:[1518][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7015 (9.6974)
Epoch:[1518][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1908 (9.5286)
Epoch:[1518][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1295 (9.6788)
Epoch:[1518][ 4/18]	Time 2.17 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2700 (9.7970)
Epoch:[1518][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0061 (9.8319)
Epoch:[1518][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4896 (9.9258)
Epoch:[1518][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3853 (9.8583)
Epoch:[1518][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7677 (9.8482)
Epoch:[1518][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8252 (9.8459)
Epoch:[1518][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9376 (9.8542)
Epoch:[1518][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0785 (9.8729)
Epoch:[1518][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6667 (9.8571)
Epoch:[1518][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9094 (9.8608)
Epoch:[1518][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9206 (9.8648)
Epoch:[1518][15/18]	Time 2.19 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2815 (9.8283)
Epoch:[1518][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0355 (9.8405)
Epoch:[1518][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0800 (9.8538)
epoch 1518 finished, takes 34.96063494682312 seconds
Epoch:[1519][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5752 (10.5752)
Epoch:[1519][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7918 (10.1835)
Epoch:[1519][ 2/18]	Time 2.29 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3569 (10.2413)
Epoch:[1519][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4696 (10.0484)
Epoch:[1519][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5229 (9.9433)
Epoch:[1519][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8641 (9.9301)
Epoch:[1519][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0160 (9.9423)
Epoch:[1519][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6844 (9.9101)
Epoch:[1519][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5397 (9.8689)
Epoch:[1519][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0861 (9.8907)
Epoch:[1519][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6509 (9.8689)
Epoch:[1519][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2582 (9.9013)
Epoch:[1519][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3427 (9.9353)
Epoch:[1519][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4667 (9.9018)
Epoch:[1519][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6084 (9.8822)
Epoch:[1519][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7745 (9.8755)
Epoch:[1519][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1694 (9.8928)
Epoch:[1519][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2323 (9.9116)
epoch 1519 finished, takes 34.05181932449341 seconds
Epoch:[1520][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8915 (9.8915)
Epoch:[1520][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4790 (9.6853)
Epoch:[1520][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7660 (9.7122)
Epoch:[1520][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8088 (9.7363)
Epoch:[1520][ 4/18]	Time 2.21 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9432 (9.7777)
Epoch:[1520][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6777 (9.7610)
Epoch:[1520][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3377 (9.7006)
Epoch:[1520][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6810 (9.6981)
Epoch:[1520][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8164 (9.7113)
Epoch:[1520][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3581 (9.6759)
Epoch:[1520][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5689 (9.6662)
Epoch:[1520][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5123 (9.6534)
Epoch:[1520][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0958 (9.6874)
Epoch:[1520][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9858 (9.7087)
Epoch:[1520][14/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7803 (9.7135)
Epoch:[1520][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6952 (9.7124)
Epoch:[1520][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5604 (9.7034)
Epoch:[1520][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6567 (9.7008)
epoch 1520 finished, takes 34.273056507110596 seconds
Epoch:[1521][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1496 (10.1496)
Epoch:[1521][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5601 (9.8548)
Epoch:[1521][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3979 (10.0359)
Epoch:[1521][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2731 (10.0952)
Epoch:[1521][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3113 (9.9384)
Epoch:[1521][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6087 (9.8834)
Epoch:[1521][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4876 (9.8269)
Epoch:[1521][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4768 (9.7831)
Epoch:[1521][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8989 (9.7960)
Epoch:[1521][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5946 (9.7759)
Epoch:[1521][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0199 (9.7980)
Epoch:[1521][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8250 (9.8003)
Epoch:[1521][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8948 (9.8076)
Epoch:[1521][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0188 (9.8226)
Epoch:[1521][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7206 (9.8158)
Epoch:[1521][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8162 (9.8159)
Epoch:[1521][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5362 (9.7994)
Epoch:[1521][17/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9528 (9.8079)
epoch 1521 finished, takes 33.702017307281494 seconds
Epoch:[1522][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3941 (9.3941)
Epoch:[1522][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8040 (9.5990)
Epoch:[1522][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0635 (9.7539)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5600765829681642  precision:  0.6062523355023691  f1:  0.5076133404347849 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.73340961 0.74568289 0.18729208 0.14493249]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7493454498956623  precision:  0.7672253173227354  f1:  0.7504430273941429 perclass recall:  [0.95201038 0.62083333 0.796875   0.75736961 0.68607595 0.70761671
 0.76300578 0.71097684]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7092425115838007  precision:  0.7100454320541738  f1:  0.6981427888413525 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96399457 0.9627907  0.42938931 0.9030303  0.54094293]
Epoch:[1522][ 3/18]	Time 12.28 (4.41)	Data 10.33 (2.58)	Loss 10.2049 (9.8666)
Epoch:[1522][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (3.86)	Data 0.00 (2.07)	Loss 10.1088 (9.9151)
Epoch:[1522][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (3.51)	Data 0.00 (1.72)	Loss 9.9471 (9.9204)
Epoch:[1522][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (3.29)	Data 0.00 (1.48)	Loss 9.7290 (9.8931)
Epoch:[1522][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (3.10)	Data 0.00 (1.29)	Loss 8.9461 (9.7747)
Epoch:[1522][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (2.98)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.9561 (9.7948)
Epoch:[1522][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (2.87)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 10.1567 (9.8310)
Epoch:[1522][10/18]	Time 1.92 (2.78)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.9091 (9.8381)
Epoch:[1522][11/18]	Time 1.81 (2.70)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.5509 (9.8142)
Epoch:[1522][12/18]	Time 1.84 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.6165 (9.7990)
Epoch:[1522][13/18]	Time 1.91 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.6409 (9.7877)
Epoch:[1522][14/18]	Time 1.96 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.8229 (9.7900)
Epoch:[1522][15/18]	Time 1.65 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.4540 (9.7690)
Epoch:[1522][16/18]	Time 1.83 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.8501 (9.7738)
Epoch:[1522][17/18]	Time 1.86 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.0343 (9.7327)
epoch 1522 finished, takes 43.48349857330322 seconds
Epoch:[1523][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0231 (10.0231)
Epoch:[1523][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9086 (9.9658)
Epoch:[1523][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6374 (9.8564)
Epoch:[1523][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4331 (9.7505)
Epoch:[1523][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9455 (9.7895)
Epoch:[1523][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6619 (9.7683)
Epoch:[1523][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0249 (9.8049)
Epoch:[1523][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9809 (9.8269)
Epoch:[1523][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0419 (9.8508)
Epoch:[1523][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6990 (9.8356)
Epoch:[1523][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6336 (9.8173)
Epoch:[1523][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7499 (9.8116)
Epoch:[1523][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9380 (9.8214)
Epoch:[1523][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8259 (9.8217)
Epoch:[1523][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9438 (9.8298)
Epoch:[1523][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0874 (9.8459)
Epoch:[1523][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8488 (9.8461)
Epoch:[1523][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2830 (9.8148)
epoch 1523 finished, takes 33.68509793281555 seconds
Epoch:[1524][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6527 (9.6527)
Epoch:[1524][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7215 (9.6871)
Epoch:[1524][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8041 (9.7261)
Epoch:[1524][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9989 (9.7943)
Epoch:[1524][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5258 (9.7406)
Epoch:[1524][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2630 (9.8277)
Epoch:[1524][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4846 (9.7786)
Epoch:[1524][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8470 (9.7872)
Epoch:[1524][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7750 (9.7858)
Epoch:[1524][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6464 (9.7719)
Epoch:[1524][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6554 (9.7613)
Epoch:[1524][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2185 (9.7994)
Epoch:[1524][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7422 (9.7950)
Epoch:[1524][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7652 (9.7214)
Epoch:[1524][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0681 (9.7446)
Epoch:[1524][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4550 (9.7265)
Epoch:[1524][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9768 (9.7412)
Epoch:[1524][17/18]	Time 2.19 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6946 (9.7386)
epoch 1524 finished, takes 34.32868027687073 seconds
Epoch:[1525][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6255 (9.6255)
Epoch:[1525][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7694 (9.6975)
Epoch:[1525][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5483 (9.6477)
Epoch:[1525][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2078 (9.7877)
Epoch:[1525][ 4/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7856 (9.7873)
Epoch:[1525][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9986 (9.8225)
Epoch:[1525][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9935 (9.8469)
Epoch:[1525][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9016 (9.8538)
Epoch:[1525][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2010 (9.8924)
Epoch:[1525][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1565 (9.9188)
Epoch:[1525][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0898 (9.9343)
Epoch:[1525][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7994 (9.9231)
Epoch:[1525][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1386 (9.8627)
Epoch:[1525][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8906 (9.8647)
Epoch:[1525][14/18]	Time 2.16 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3375 (9.8962)
Epoch:[1525][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5515 (9.8747)
Epoch:[1525][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4434 (9.8493)
Epoch:[1525][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0546 (9.8607)
epoch 1525 finished, takes 34.06401777267456 seconds
Epoch:[1526][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7190 (9.7190)
Epoch:[1526][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3001 (9.5095)
Epoch:[1526][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8788 (9.6326)
Epoch:[1526][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3163 (9.5535)
Epoch:[1526][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6223 (9.5673)
Epoch:[1526][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6068 (9.5739)
Epoch:[1526][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2468 (9.5271)
Epoch:[1526][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1184 (9.6011)
Epoch:[1526][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9505 (9.6399)
Epoch:[1526][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6345 (9.6393)
Epoch:[1526][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6000 (9.6358)
Epoch:[1526][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4109 (9.6170)
Epoch:[1526][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8453 (9.6346)
Epoch:[1526][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5419 (9.6280)
Epoch:[1526][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0647 (9.6571)
Epoch:[1526][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7112 (9.6605)
Epoch:[1526][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0743 (9.6848)
Epoch:[1526][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5446 (9.6770)
epoch 1526 finished, takes 33.97422695159912 seconds
Epoch:[1527][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9212 (9.9212)
Epoch:[1527][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7097 (9.8155)
Epoch:[1527][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0555 (9.8955)
Epoch:[1527][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1078 (9.9485)
Epoch:[1527][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6103 (9.8809)
Epoch:[1527][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8616 (9.8777)
Epoch:[1527][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1648 (9.7758)
Epoch:[1527][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0528 (9.8105)
Epoch:[1527][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8909 (9.8194)
Epoch:[1527][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8591 (9.8234)
Epoch:[1527][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8380 (9.8247)
Epoch:[1527][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6584 (9.8108)
Epoch:[1527][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5386 (9.7899)
Epoch:[1527][13/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5813 (9.7750)
Epoch:[1527][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7959 (9.7764)
Epoch:[1527][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4636 (9.7568)
Epoch:[1527][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3060 (9.7891)
Epoch:[1527][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8138 (9.7905)
epoch 1527 finished, takes 34.098135471343994 seconds
Epoch:[1528][ 0/18]	Time 2.20 (2.20)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7394 (9.7394)
Epoch:[1528][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5618 (9.6506)
Epoch:[1528][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8030 (9.7014)
Epoch:[1528][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1757 (9.8200)
Epoch:[1528][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4800 (9.7520)
Epoch:[1528][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0805 (9.8067)
Epoch:[1528][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7889 (9.8042)
Epoch:[1528][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4971 (9.7658)
Epoch:[1528][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8114 (9.7709)
Epoch:[1528][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6574 (9.7595)
Epoch:[1528][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7851 (9.7618)
Epoch:[1528][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9275 (9.7757)
Epoch:[1528][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2866 (9.8150)
Epoch:[1528][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6461 (9.8029)
Epoch:[1528][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8391 (9.8053)
Epoch:[1528][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4495 (9.7831)
Epoch:[1528][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5818 (9.7712)
Epoch:[1528][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7058 (9.7676)
epoch 1528 finished, takes 33.86315059661865 seconds
Epoch:[1529][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7901 (9.7901)
Epoch:[1529][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8698 (9.8300)
Epoch:[1529][ 2/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6269 (9.7623)
Epoch:[1529][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9424 (9.8073)
Epoch:[1529][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4638 (9.7386)
Epoch:[1529][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5603 (9.7089)
Epoch:[1529][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8615 (9.7307)
Epoch:[1529][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7014 (9.7270)
Epoch:[1529][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8204 (9.7374)
Epoch:[1529][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6716 (9.7308)
Epoch:[1529][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9189 (9.7479)
Epoch:[1529][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7266 (9.7462)
Epoch:[1529][12/18]	Time 2.28 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0516 (9.7696)
Epoch:[1529][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4312 (9.7455)
Epoch:[1529][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8909 (9.7552)
Epoch:[1529][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8665 (9.7621)
Epoch:[1529][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5808 (9.7515)
Epoch:[1529][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9980 (9.7652)
epoch 1529 finished, takes 34.04038453102112 seconds
Epoch:[1530][ 0/18]	Time 1.68 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6797 (9.6797)
Epoch:[1530][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5655 (9.6226)
Epoch:[1530][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5849 (9.6100)
Epoch:[1530][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6250 (9.6138)
Epoch:[1530][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4133 (9.7737)
Epoch:[1530][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9937 (9.8103)
Epoch:[1530][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7535 (9.8022)
Epoch:[1530][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8155 (9.8039)
Epoch:[1530][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6072 (9.7820)
Epoch:[1530][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9496 (9.7988)
Epoch:[1530][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8188 (9.8006)
Epoch:[1530][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6628 (9.7891)
Epoch:[1530][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6547 (9.7788)
Epoch:[1530][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7968 (9.7801)
Epoch:[1530][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3708 (9.7528)
Epoch:[1530][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4388 (9.7332)
Epoch:[1530][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6511 (9.7283)
Epoch:[1530][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0976 (9.7489)
epoch 1530 finished, takes 33.81210374832153 seconds
Epoch:[1531][ 0/18]	Time 1.55 (1.55)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6622 (9.6622)
Epoch:[1531][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1353 (9.8987)
Epoch:[1531][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7764 (9.8580)
Epoch:[1531][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9562 (9.8825)
Epoch:[1531][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8885 (9.8837)
Epoch:[1531][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6830 (9.8503)
Epoch:[1531][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2110 (9.7589)
Epoch:[1531][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8172 (9.7662)
Epoch:[1531][ 8/18]	Time 1.53 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3478 (9.7197)
Epoch:[1531][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6590 (9.7137)
Epoch:[1531][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9996 (9.7396)
Epoch:[1531][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5548 (9.7242)
Epoch:[1531][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3790 (9.6977)
Epoch:[1531][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3649 (9.7453)
Epoch:[1531][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3901 (9.7883)
Epoch:[1531][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6066 (9.7770)
Epoch:[1531][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7190 (9.7736)
Epoch:[1531][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5383 (9.7605)
epoch 1531 finished, takes 33.60546016693115 seconds
Epoch:[1532][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6083 (9.6083)
Epoch:[1532][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5165 (9.5624)
Epoch:[1532][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0683 (9.3977)
Epoch:[1532][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4843 (9.4193)
Epoch:[1532][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6935 (9.4742)
Epoch:[1532][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7055 (9.5127)
Epoch:[1532][ 6/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3620 (9.4912)
Epoch:[1532][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0064 (9.5556)
Epoch:[1532][ 8/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6075 (9.5614)
Epoch:[1532][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8169 (9.5869)
Epoch:[1532][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7449 (9.6013)
Epoch:[1532][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9071 (9.6268)
Epoch:[1532][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7446 (9.6358)
Epoch:[1532][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6453 (9.6365)
Epoch:[1532][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6103 (9.6348)
Epoch:[1532][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1885 (9.6694)
Epoch:[1532][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4089 (9.6540)
Epoch:[1532][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9712 (9.6717)
epoch 1532 finished, takes 33.437113523483276 seconds
Epoch:[1533][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2107 (10.2107)
Epoch:[1533][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7597 (9.9852)
Epoch:[1533][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8234 (9.9313)
Epoch:[1533][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7856 (9.8949)
Epoch:[1533][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5408 (9.8241)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5626246832620324  precision:  0.6127601562275766  f1:  0.5114918491178446 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73483982 0.74568289 0.18862275 0.15467441]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.752022116178267  precision:  0.770608809515584  f1:  0.7533445720433716 perclass recall:  [0.95201038 0.62708333 0.796875   0.75963719 0.6835443  0.71498771
 0.76300578 0.71903323]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7066071621664096  precision:  0.7084404583678098  f1:  0.6959231676214926 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96399457 0.96434109 0.42557252 0.89848485 0.54032258]
Epoch:[1533][ 5/18]	Time 12.40 (3.60)	Data 10.33 (1.72)	Loss 9.8809 (9.8336)
Epoch:[1533][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (3.35)	Data 0.00 (1.48)	Loss 10.1864 (9.8840)
Epoch:[1533][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (3.17)	Data 0.00 (1.29)	Loss 9.9284 (9.8895)
Epoch:[1533][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (3.03)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.5117 (9.8475)
Epoch:[1533][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (2.89)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.7027 (9.8330)
Epoch:[1533][10/18]	Time 1.94 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 10.0639 (9.8540)
Epoch:[1533][11/18]	Time 1.81 (2.72)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.4930 (9.8239)
Epoch:[1533][12/18]	Time 2.14 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.8303 (9.8244)
Epoch:[1533][13/18]	Time 1.67 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.6888 (9.8147)
Epoch:[1533][14/18]	Time 1.72 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.7025 (9.8073)
Epoch:[1533][15/18]	Time 2.28 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.0924 (9.8251)
Epoch:[1533][16/18]	Time 1.69 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.0396 (9.8377)
Epoch:[1533][17/18]	Time 1.81 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.9596 (9.8445)
epoch 1533 finished, takes 43.997230768203735 seconds
Epoch:[1534][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8682 (9.8682)
Epoch:[1534][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7053 (9.7868)
Epoch:[1534][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9818 (9.8518)
Epoch:[1534][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0973 (9.9131)
Epoch:[1534][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5851 (9.8475)
Epoch:[1534][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5846 (9.8037)
Epoch:[1534][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5329 (9.7650)
Epoch:[1534][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3333 (9.7111)
Epoch:[1534][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6160 (9.7005)
Epoch:[1534][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3887 (9.6693)
Epoch:[1534][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8836 (9.6888)
Epoch:[1534][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7767 (9.6961)
Epoch:[1534][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0642 (9.7244)
Epoch:[1534][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0177 (9.7454)
Epoch:[1534][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4636 (9.7266)
Epoch:[1534][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9520 (9.7407)
Epoch:[1534][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3982 (9.7205)
Epoch:[1534][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1793 (9.6905)
epoch 1534 finished, takes 33.257917642593384 seconds
Epoch:[1535][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9825 (9.9825)
Epoch:[1535][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7846 (9.8836)
Epoch:[1535][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6844 (9.8172)
Epoch:[1535][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6720 (9.7809)
Epoch:[1535][ 4/18]	Time 2.17 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3309 (9.6909)
Epoch:[1535][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8995 (9.7257)
Epoch:[1535][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3658 (9.6743)
Epoch:[1535][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7341 (9.6817)
Epoch:[1535][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0632 (9.7241)
Epoch:[1535][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2203 (9.7737)
Epoch:[1535][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9283 (9.7878)
Epoch:[1535][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3321 (9.8331)
Epoch:[1535][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1813 (9.8599)
Epoch:[1535][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7744 (9.8538)
Epoch:[1535][14/18]	Time 2.20 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6378 (9.8394)
Epoch:[1535][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7071 (9.8311)
Epoch:[1535][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9684 (9.8392)
Epoch:[1535][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2053 (9.8040)
epoch 1535 finished, takes 34.167760610580444 seconds
Epoch:[1536][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2653 (9.2653)
Epoch:[1536][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8486 (9.5569)
Epoch:[1536][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4878 (9.5339)
Epoch:[1536][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0243 (9.6565)
Epoch:[1536][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7722 (9.6796)
Epoch:[1536][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5473 (9.8242)
Epoch:[1536][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5149 (9.7800)
Epoch:[1536][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0180 (9.6848)
Epoch:[1536][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1684 (9.7385)
Epoch:[1536][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6203 (9.7267)
Epoch:[1536][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0153 (9.7529)
Epoch:[1536][11/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5349 (9.7347)
Epoch:[1536][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1827 (9.6923)
Epoch:[1536][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1551 (9.7253)
Epoch:[1536][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6458 (9.7200)
Epoch:[1536][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6628 (9.7165)
Epoch:[1536][16/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6593 (9.7131)
Epoch:[1536][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7496 (9.7151)
epoch 1536 finished, takes 33.82680702209473 seconds
Epoch:[1537][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1584 (10.1584)
Epoch:[1537][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6839 (9.9211)
Epoch:[1537][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7037 (9.8486)
Epoch:[1537][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7718 (9.8294)
Epoch:[1537][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8313 (9.8298)
Epoch:[1537][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5882 (9.7895)
Epoch:[1537][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4752 (9.7446)
Epoch:[1537][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6406 (9.7316)
Epoch:[1537][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0235 (9.7641)
Epoch:[1537][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8915 (9.7768)
Epoch:[1537][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9405 (9.7917)
Epoch:[1537][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2920 (9.7501)
Epoch:[1537][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9715 (9.7671)
Epoch:[1537][13/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0316 (9.7860)
Epoch:[1537][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5885 (9.7728)
Epoch:[1537][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7998 (9.7745)
Epoch:[1537][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5027 (9.7585)
Epoch:[1537][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9091 (9.7669)
epoch 1537 finished, takes 34.00061893463135 seconds
Epoch:[1538][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5805 (9.5805)
Epoch:[1538][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0011 (9.7908)
Epoch:[1538][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7274 (9.7697)
Epoch:[1538][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5616 (9.7177)
Epoch:[1538][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9103 (9.7562)
Epoch:[1538][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6734 (9.7424)
Epoch:[1538][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7365 (9.7416)
Epoch:[1538][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1371 (9.7910)
Epoch:[1538][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4902 (9.7576)
Epoch:[1538][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9096 (9.7728)
Epoch:[1538][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9823 (9.7918)
Epoch:[1538][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8600 (9.7975)
Epoch:[1538][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4565 (9.7713)
Epoch:[1538][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5547 (9.7558)
Epoch:[1538][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7212 (9.7535)
Epoch:[1538][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9701 (9.7670)
Epoch:[1538][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4259 (9.7470)
Epoch:[1538][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4649 (9.7313)
epoch 1538 finished, takes 33.488168239593506 seconds
Epoch:[1539][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8084 (9.8084)
Epoch:[1539][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2177 (10.0130)
Epoch:[1539][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8885 (9.9715)
Epoch:[1539][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7308 (9.9113)
Epoch:[1539][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9195 (9.7130)
Epoch:[1539][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3695 (9.6557)
Epoch:[1539][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2473 (9.7402)
Epoch:[1539][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5245 (9.8383)
Epoch:[1539][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8461 (9.8391)
Epoch:[1539][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6688 (9.8221)
Epoch:[1539][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8104 (9.8210)
Epoch:[1539][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2185 (9.7708)
Epoch:[1539][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0693 (9.7938)
Epoch:[1539][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7453 (9.7903)
Epoch:[1539][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2126 (9.8185)
Epoch:[1539][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8127 (9.8181)
Epoch:[1539][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8346 (9.8191)
Epoch:[1539][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8316 (9.8198)
epoch 1539 finished, takes 33.92202019691467 seconds
Epoch:[1540][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8616 (9.8616)
Epoch:[1540][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8353 (9.8484)
Epoch:[1540][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3805 (9.6924)
Epoch:[1540][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9483 (9.7564)
Epoch:[1540][ 4/18]	Time 2.20 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5729 (9.7197)
Epoch:[1540][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8579 (9.7427)
Epoch:[1540][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5968 (9.7219)
Epoch:[1540][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6781 (9.7164)
Epoch:[1540][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3714 (9.7892)
Epoch:[1540][ 9/18]	Time 2.17 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9123 (9.8015)
Epoch:[1540][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1756 (9.8355)
Epoch:[1540][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5451 (9.8113)
Epoch:[1540][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5128 (9.7883)
Epoch:[1540][13/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5565 (9.7718)
Epoch:[1540][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5043 (9.7540)
Epoch:[1540][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9461 (9.7660)
Epoch:[1540][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7678 (9.7661)
Epoch:[1540][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7097 (9.7629)
epoch 1540 finished, takes 33.66996955871582 seconds
Epoch:[1541][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7263 (9.7263)
Epoch:[1541][ 1/18]	Time 2.19 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2332 (9.9797)
Epoch:[1541][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0144 (9.9913)
Epoch:[1541][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8043 (9.9446)
Epoch:[1541][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0675 (9.9691)
Epoch:[1541][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0289 (9.9791)
Epoch:[1541][ 6/18]	Time 2.24 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9666 (9.9773)
Epoch:[1541][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4115 (9.9066)
Epoch:[1541][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1622 (9.8239)
Epoch:[1541][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1003 (9.8515)
Epoch:[1541][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6437 (9.8326)
Epoch:[1541][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7063 (9.8221)
Epoch:[1541][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2999 (9.7819)
Epoch:[1541][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1729 (9.8099)
Epoch:[1541][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8131 (9.8101)
Epoch:[1541][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8297 (9.8113)
Epoch:[1541][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6221 (9.8002)
Epoch:[1541][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5021 (9.7836)
epoch 1541 finished, takes 34.52536582946777 seconds
Epoch:[1542][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8647 (9.8647)
Epoch:[1542][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2573 (10.0610)
Epoch:[1542][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6449 (9.9223)
Epoch:[1542][ 3/18]	Time 2.24 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6666 (9.8584)
Epoch:[1542][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5144 (9.7896)
Epoch:[1542][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6500 (9.7663)
Epoch:[1542][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4365 (9.7192)
Epoch:[1542][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9886 (9.7529)
Epoch:[1542][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7556 (9.7532)
Epoch:[1542][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8317 (9.7610)
Epoch:[1542][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6570 (9.7516)
Epoch:[1542][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1084 (9.7813)
Epoch:[1542][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2407 (9.7397)
Epoch:[1542][13/18]	Time 2.14 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7121 (9.7377)
Epoch:[1542][14/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9531 (9.7521)
Epoch:[1542][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1356 (9.7761)
Epoch:[1542][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7958 (9.7772)
Epoch:[1542][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8012 (9.7786)
epoch 1542 finished, takes 33.75785851478577 seconds
Epoch:[1543][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0156 (10.0156)
Epoch:[1543][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8293 (9.9224)
Epoch:[1543][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9428 (9.9292)
Epoch:[1543][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7082 (9.8739)
Epoch:[1543][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5543 (9.8100)
Epoch:[1543][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5830 (9.7722)
Epoch:[1543][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9877 (9.8030)
Epoch:[1543][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9730 (9.8242)
Epoch:[1543][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5779 (9.9080)
Epoch:[1543][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6830 (9.8855)
Epoch:[1543][10/18]	Time 2.30 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8203 (9.8795)
Epoch:[1543][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0003 (9.8896)
Epoch:[1543][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9738 (9.8961)
Epoch:[1543][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7784 (9.8877)
Epoch:[1543][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5623 (9.8660)
Epoch:[1543][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2835 (9.8921)
Epoch:[1543][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7868 (9.8859)
Epoch:[1543][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8581 (9.8843)
epoch 1543 finished, takes 34.7598557472229 seconds
Epoch:[1544][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2522 (10.2522)
Epoch:[1544][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7397 (9.9960)
Epoch:[1544][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6163 (9.8694)
Epoch:[1544][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0769 (9.9213)
Epoch:[1544][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8513 (9.9073)
Epoch:[1544][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1874 (9.9540)
Epoch:[1544][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1259 (9.8357)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5735547205304996  precision:  0.6299068262009662  f1:  0.5276641057702721 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73383867 0.74568289 0.18479707 0.21415143]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7511984595098724  precision:  0.7709608181872383  f1:  0.7546201148417149 perclass recall:  [0.95330739 0.63125    0.79910714 0.7755102  0.66835443 0.67567568
 0.75915222 0.74723061]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7103823047004316  precision:  0.712300500186006  f1:  0.6999379304111524 perclass recall:  [0.46089385 0.96331522 0.96589147 0.42938931 0.9        0.54280397]
Epoch:[1544][ 7/18]	Time 12.31 (3.15)	Data 10.28 (1.29)	Loss 9.7795 (9.8287)
Epoch:[1544][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (3.03)	Data 0.00 (1.14)	Loss 9.8968 (9.8362)
Epoch:[1544][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 10.0122 (9.8538)
Epoch:[1544][10/18]	Time 1.88 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.7090 (9.8407)
Epoch:[1544][11/18]	Time 1.83 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 10.6318 (9.9066)
Epoch:[1544][12/18]	Time 2.11 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.9468 (9.9097)
Epoch:[1544][13/18]	Time 2.05 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.9434 (9.9121)
Epoch:[1544][14/18]	Time 1.68 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.6079 (9.8918)
Epoch:[1544][15/18]	Time 1.78 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.8687 (9.8904)
Epoch:[1544][16/18]	Time 1.62 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.6541 (9.8765)
Epoch:[1544][17/18]	Time 2.05 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.9401 (9.8800)
epoch 1544 finished, takes 44.03191637992859 seconds
Epoch:[1545][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0530 (10.0530)
Epoch:[1545][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9187 (9.9859)
Epoch:[1545][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3667 (9.7795)
Epoch:[1545][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2716 (9.9025)
Epoch:[1545][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4145 (9.8049)
Epoch:[1545][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6314 (9.7760)
Epoch:[1545][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5326 (9.7412)
Epoch:[1545][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6080 (9.7246)
Epoch:[1545][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2009 (9.6664)
Epoch:[1545][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4938 (9.6491)
Epoch:[1545][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1369 (9.6935)
Epoch:[1545][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9897 (9.7182)
Epoch:[1545][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5070 (9.7019)
Epoch:[1545][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6114 (9.6955)
Epoch:[1545][14/18]	Time 2.22 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6458 (9.6921)
Epoch:[1545][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7686 (9.6969)
Epoch:[1545][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9077 (9.7093)
Epoch:[1545][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7456 (9.7113)
epoch 1545 finished, takes 33.318424463272095 seconds
Epoch:[1546][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1903 (10.1903)
Epoch:[1546][ 1/18]	Time 2.16 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9145 (10.0524)
Epoch:[1546][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7152 (9.9400)
Epoch:[1546][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9975 (9.9544)
Epoch:[1546][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4998 (9.8635)
Epoch:[1546][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4918 (9.8015)
Epoch:[1546][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8649 (9.8106)
Epoch:[1546][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5424 (9.7770)
Epoch:[1546][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8298 (9.7829)
Epoch:[1546][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8630 (9.7909)
Epoch:[1546][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7339 (9.7857)
Epoch:[1546][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7190 (9.7802)
Epoch:[1546][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3553 (9.8244)
Epoch:[1546][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8381 (9.8254)
Epoch:[1546][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6826 (9.8159)
Epoch:[1546][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0743 (9.8320)
Epoch:[1546][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4814 (9.8114)
Epoch:[1546][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9119 (9.8170)
epoch 1546 finished, takes 33.79055571556091 seconds
Epoch:[1547][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8335 (9.8335)
Epoch:[1547][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8846 (9.8590)
Epoch:[1547][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0960 (9.9380)
Epoch:[1547][ 3/18]	Time 2.17 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7468 (9.8902)
Epoch:[1547][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7522 (9.8626)
Epoch:[1547][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0241 (9.7229)
Epoch:[1547][ 6/18]	Time 1.61 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0804 (9.7739)
Epoch:[1547][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6460 (9.7579)
Epoch:[1547][ 8/18]	Time 2.46 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0453 (9.7899)
Epoch:[1547][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5301 (9.7639)
Epoch:[1547][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9837 (9.7839)
Epoch:[1547][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.8966 (9.8766)
Epoch:[1547][12/18]	Time 2.17 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6650 (9.8603)
Epoch:[1547][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4832 (9.8334)
Epoch:[1547][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2422 (9.8606)
Epoch:[1547][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9227 (9.8645)
Epoch:[1547][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2508 (9.8872)
Epoch:[1547][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3960 (9.8600)
epoch 1547 finished, takes 34.097028970718384 seconds
Epoch:[1548][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9164 (9.9164)
Epoch:[1548][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1049 (10.0106)
Epoch:[1548][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4380 (9.8198)
Epoch:[1548][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8657 (9.8313)
Epoch:[1548][ 4/18]	Time 1.61 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2290 (9.7108)
Epoch:[1548][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8254 (9.7299)
Epoch:[1548][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9742 (9.7648)
Epoch:[1548][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6985 (9.7565)
Epoch:[1548][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9400 (9.7769)
Epoch:[1548][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7591 (9.7751)
Epoch:[1548][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4291 (9.7437)
Epoch:[1548][11/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2593 (9.7033)
Epoch:[1548][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5829 (9.6940)
Epoch:[1548][13/18]	Time 1.54 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8292 (9.7037)
Epoch:[1548][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2958 (9.6765)
Epoch:[1548][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6300 (9.6736)
Epoch:[1548][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4613 (9.6611)
Epoch:[1548][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4288 (9.6482)
epoch 1548 finished, takes 33.24472451210022 seconds
Epoch:[1549][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6036 (9.6036)
Epoch:[1549][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0044 (9.8040)
Epoch:[1549][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3750 (9.9943)
Epoch:[1549][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5785 (9.8904)
Epoch:[1549][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2717 (9.7667)
Epoch:[1549][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2912 (9.8541)
Epoch:[1549][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5878 (9.8160)
Epoch:[1549][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7859 (9.8123)
Epoch:[1549][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7279 (9.8029)
Epoch:[1549][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0555 (9.8282)
Epoch:[1549][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8686 (9.8318)
Epoch:[1549][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4254 (9.8813)
Epoch:[1549][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3081 (9.8372)
Epoch:[1549][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1521 (9.8597)
Epoch:[1549][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8550 (9.8594)
Epoch:[1549][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6586 (9.8468)
Epoch:[1549][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3337 (9.8755)
Epoch:[1549][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6634 (9.8637)
epoch 1549 finished, takes 34.2079758644104 seconds
Epoch:[1550][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7559 (9.7559)
Epoch:[1550][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8443 (9.8001)
Epoch:[1550][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2489 (9.6164)
Epoch:[1550][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5093 (9.5896)
Epoch:[1550][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8745 (9.6466)
Epoch:[1550][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7683 (9.6669)
Epoch:[1550][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5816 (9.6547)
Epoch:[1550][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1152 (9.7123)
Epoch:[1550][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9245 (9.7358)
Epoch:[1550][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0779 (9.7700)
Epoch:[1550][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8719 (9.7793)
Epoch:[1550][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4926 (9.7554)
Epoch:[1550][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9472 (9.7702)
Epoch:[1550][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7847 (9.7712)
Epoch:[1550][14/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8340 (9.7754)
Epoch:[1550][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1343 (9.7978)
Epoch:[1550][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5342 (9.7823)
Epoch:[1550][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3338 (9.7574)
epoch 1550 finished, takes 33.26284122467041 seconds
Epoch:[1551][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6811 (9.6811)
Epoch:[1551][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3154 (9.4983)
Epoch:[1551][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1407 (9.7124)
Epoch:[1551][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6214 (9.6897)
Epoch:[1551][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0344 (9.5586)
Epoch:[1551][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6542 (9.5745)
Epoch:[1551][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2331 (9.6686)
Epoch:[1551][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9694 (9.7062)
Epoch:[1551][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4500 (9.6777)
Epoch:[1551][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7562 (9.6856)
Epoch:[1551][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6497 (9.6823)
Epoch:[1551][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5220 (9.6690)
Epoch:[1551][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6262 (9.6657)
Epoch:[1551][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4909 (9.6532)
Epoch:[1551][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7928 (9.6625)
Epoch:[1551][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5287 (9.6541)
Epoch:[1551][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1229 (9.6817)
Epoch:[1551][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1806 (9.7094)
epoch 1551 finished, takes 33.48628640174866 seconds
Epoch:[1552][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5891 (9.5891)
Epoch:[1552][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5762 (9.5826)
Epoch:[1552][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9900 (9.7184)
Epoch:[1552][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8701 (9.7564)
Epoch:[1552][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5535 (9.7158)
Epoch:[1552][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4715 (9.6751)
Epoch:[1552][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8453 (9.6994)
Epoch:[1552][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6796 (9.6969)
Epoch:[1552][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8248 (9.7111)
Epoch:[1552][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1398 (9.6540)
Epoch:[1552][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1039 (9.6949)
Epoch:[1552][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9668 (9.7176)
Epoch:[1552][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9562 (9.7359)
Epoch:[1552][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5683 (9.7239)
Epoch:[1552][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7359 (9.7247)
Epoch:[1552][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8023 (9.7296)
Epoch:[1552][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2049 (9.6987)
Epoch:[1552][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6628 (9.6967)
epoch 1552 finished, takes 33.61048412322998 seconds
Epoch:[1553][ 0/18]	Time 2.17 (2.17)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5382 (9.5382)
Epoch:[1553][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6670 (9.6026)
Epoch:[1553][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6059 (9.6037)
Epoch:[1553][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3998 (9.5527)
Epoch:[1553][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5710 (9.5564)
Epoch:[1553][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8209 (9.6005)
Epoch:[1553][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7279 (9.6187)
Epoch:[1553][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9419 (9.6591)
Epoch:[1553][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8134 (9.6762)
Epoch:[1553][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4427 (9.6529)
Epoch:[1553][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8780 (9.6733)
Epoch:[1553][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7613 (9.6807)
Epoch:[1553][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2161 (9.6449)
Epoch:[1553][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0540 (9.6742)
Epoch:[1553][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8134 (9.6834)
Epoch:[1553][15/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0825 (9.7084)
Epoch:[1553][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6774 (9.7066)
Epoch:[1553][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3284 (9.7411)
epoch 1553 finished, takes 34.10545611381531 seconds
Epoch:[1554][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9469 (9.9469)
Epoch:[1554][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6808 (9.8138)
Epoch:[1554][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0752 (9.9010)
Epoch:[1554][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6475 (9.8376)
Epoch:[1554][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4256 (9.7552)
Epoch:[1554][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8587 (9.7724)
Epoch:[1554][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7743 (9.7727)
Epoch:[1554][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6032 (9.7515)
Epoch:[1554][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0692 (9.7868)
Epoch:[1554][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6078 (9.7689)
Epoch:[1554][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0435 (9.7939)
Epoch:[1554][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7842 (9.7931)
Epoch:[1554][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6182 (9.7796)
Epoch:[1554][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0393 (9.7982)
Epoch:[1554][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0317 (9.8137)
Epoch:[1554][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7601 (9.8104)
Epoch:[1554][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7277 (9.8055)
Epoch:[1554][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6753 (9.7983)
epoch 1554 finished, takes 34.354143142700195 seconds
Epoch:[1555][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9859 (9.9859)
Epoch:[1555][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8045 (9.8952)
Epoch:[1555][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6726 (9.8210)
Epoch:[1555][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9210 (9.8460)
Epoch:[1555][ 4/18]	Time 2.27 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8837 (9.8536)
Epoch:[1555][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0650 (9.8888)
Epoch:[1555][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8897 (9.8889)
Epoch:[1555][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5218 (9.8430)
Epoch:[1555][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6495 (9.8215)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.563945505337321  precision:  0.6165739217252326  f1:  0.5131585959097624 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.73526888 0.74803768 0.18779108 0.15980174]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7489844537979897  precision:  0.7684496887304482  f1:  0.7516410510328997 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.62291667 0.79910714 0.75736961 0.68101266 0.68796069
 0.75915222 0.72910373]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7092621494048732  precision:  0.7121165683677555  f1:  0.6986477779712111 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96399457 0.96589147 0.43129771 0.9        0.53908189]
Epoch:[1555][ 9/18]	Time 12.17 (2.96)	Data 10.27 (1.03)	Loss 9.6727 (9.8067)
Epoch:[1555][10/18]	Time 1.72 (2.84)	Data 0.00 (0.93)	Loss 9.8207 (9.8079)
Epoch:[1555][11/18]	Time 1.80 (2.76)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.7589 (9.8038)
Epoch:[1555][12/18]	Time 1.61 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.6366 (9.7910)
Epoch:[1555][13/18]	Time 1.66 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.73)	Loss 9.7029 (9.7847)
Epoch:[1555][14/18]	Time 1.89 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.8984 (9.7923)
Epoch:[1555][15/18]	Time 1.54 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 10.0589 (9.8089)
Epoch:[1555][16/18]	Time 1.93 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.6219 (9.7979)
Epoch:[1555][17/18]	Time 1.85 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.9166 (9.8045)
epoch 1555 finished, takes 43.564213514328 seconds
Epoch:[1556][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8604 (9.8604)
Epoch:[1556][ 1/18]	Time 2.20 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7384 (9.7994)
Epoch:[1556][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6830 (9.7606)
Epoch:[1556][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4520 (9.6834)
Epoch:[1556][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3285 (9.8125)
Epoch:[1556][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6147 (9.7795)
Epoch:[1556][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8052 (9.7832)
Epoch:[1556][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2266 (9.7136)
Epoch:[1556][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6855 (9.7105)
Epoch:[1556][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0981 (9.6492)
Epoch:[1556][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6863 (9.6526)
Epoch:[1556][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9018 (9.6734)
Epoch:[1556][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4896 (9.6592)
Epoch:[1556][13/18]	Time 1.59 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1437 (9.6224)
Epoch:[1556][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6111 (9.6217)
Epoch:[1556][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2774 (9.6001)
Epoch:[1556][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6760 (9.6046)
Epoch:[1556][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9937 (9.6262)
epoch 1556 finished, takes 33.40622115135193 seconds
Epoch:[1557][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7194 (9.7194)
Epoch:[1557][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0355 (9.8774)
Epoch:[1557][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7433 (9.8327)
Epoch:[1557][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7086 (10.0517)
Epoch:[1557][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8437 (10.0101)
Epoch:[1557][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8396 (9.9817)
Epoch:[1557][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3501 (9.8914)
Epoch:[1557][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9466 (9.8983)
Epoch:[1557][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8554 (9.8936)
Epoch:[1557][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1281 (9.9170)
Epoch:[1557][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1390 (9.9372)
Epoch:[1557][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4568 (9.8972)
Epoch:[1557][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7818 (9.8883)
Epoch:[1557][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0174 (9.8975)
Epoch:[1557][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7404 (9.8870)
Epoch:[1557][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9383 (9.8902)
Epoch:[1557][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5320 (9.8692)
Epoch:[1557][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1609 (9.8298)
epoch 1557 finished, takes 33.84613656997681 seconds
Epoch:[1558][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3814 (9.3814)
Epoch:[1558][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5444 (9.4629)
Epoch:[1558][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4716 (9.4658)
Epoch:[1558][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7207 (9.5295)
Epoch:[1558][ 4/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6696 (9.5575)
Epoch:[1558][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4155 (9.5339)
Epoch:[1558][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0355 (9.6055)
Epoch:[1558][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5452 (9.5980)
Epoch:[1558][ 8/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8008 (9.6205)
Epoch:[1558][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9521 (9.6537)
Epoch:[1558][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5906 (9.6479)
Epoch:[1558][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9350 (9.6719)
Epoch:[1558][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8697 (9.6871)
Epoch:[1558][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0082 (9.7100)
Epoch:[1558][14/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2587 (9.7466)
Epoch:[1558][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5002 (9.7312)
Epoch:[1558][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5536 (9.7207)
Epoch:[1558][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5266 (9.7100)
epoch 1558 finished, takes 33.25924563407898 seconds
Epoch:[1559][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0236 (10.0236)
Epoch:[1559][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0060 (10.0148)
Epoch:[1559][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6233 (9.8843)
Epoch:[1559][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3905 (9.7608)
Epoch:[1559][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9576 (9.8002)
Epoch:[1559][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5189 (9.7533)
Epoch:[1559][ 6/18]	Time 1.54 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9056 (9.7751)
Epoch:[1559][ 7/18]	Time 2.21 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2333 (9.7074)
Epoch:[1559][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0069 (9.7406)
Epoch:[1559][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6227 (9.7288)
Epoch:[1559][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6708 (9.7236)
Epoch:[1559][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0732 (9.7527)
Epoch:[1559][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4312 (9.7280)
Epoch:[1559][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8822 (9.7390)
Epoch:[1559][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7382 (9.7389)
Epoch:[1559][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5420 (9.7266)
Epoch:[1559][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6881 (9.7244)
Epoch:[1559][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9510 (9.7369)
epoch 1559 finished, takes 33.50597047805786 seconds
Epoch:[1560][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0130 (10.0130)
Epoch:[1560][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7816 (9.8973)
Epoch:[1560][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5302 (9.7749)
Epoch:[1560][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0027 (9.8319)
Epoch:[1560][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7192 (9.8093)
Epoch:[1560][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5225 (9.7615)
Epoch:[1560][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7492 (9.7598)
Epoch:[1560][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8286 (9.7684)
Epoch:[1560][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8048 (9.7724)
Epoch:[1560][ 9/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9016 (9.7853)
Epoch:[1560][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1593 (9.7284)
Epoch:[1560][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2754 (9.7740)
Epoch:[1560][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0757 (9.7972)
Epoch:[1560][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8601 (9.8017)
Epoch:[1560][14/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8445 (9.8046)
Epoch:[1560][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5134 (9.7864)
Epoch:[1560][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0709 (9.8031)
Epoch:[1560][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7005 (9.7974)
epoch 1560 finished, takes 34.0934362411499 seconds
Epoch:[1561][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6559 (9.6559)
Epoch:[1561][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5564 (9.6061)
Epoch:[1561][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7709 (9.6611)
Epoch:[1561][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6795 (9.6657)
Epoch:[1561][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6195 (9.6564)
Epoch:[1561][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9954 (9.7129)
Epoch:[1561][ 6/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0678 (9.7636)
Epoch:[1561][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5105 (9.7320)
Epoch:[1561][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7517 (9.7342)
Epoch:[1561][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1127 (9.7720)
Epoch:[1561][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7897 (9.7736)
Epoch:[1561][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9390 (9.7874)
Epoch:[1561][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6757 (9.7788)
Epoch:[1561][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6244 (9.7678)
Epoch:[1561][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5396 (9.7526)
Epoch:[1561][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8886 (9.7611)
Epoch:[1561][16/18]	Time 2.24 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4872 (9.8038)
Epoch:[1561][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6779 (9.7968)
epoch 1561 finished, takes 34.613306522369385 seconds
Epoch:[1562][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3983 (9.3983)
Epoch:[1562][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0883 (9.7433)
Epoch:[1562][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9455 (9.8107)
Epoch:[1562][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6739 (9.7765)
Epoch:[1562][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5217 (9.7255)
Epoch:[1562][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8352 (9.7438)
Epoch:[1562][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2521 (9.6736)
Epoch:[1562][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3251 (9.6300)
Epoch:[1562][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2829 (9.7026)
Epoch:[1562][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2118 (9.6535)
Epoch:[1562][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8944 (9.6754)
Epoch:[1562][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5950 (9.6687)
Epoch:[1562][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6359 (9.6662)
Epoch:[1562][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9636 (9.6874)
Epoch:[1562][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5261 (9.6767)
Epoch:[1562][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6462 (9.6748)
Epoch:[1562][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6543 (9.6735)
Epoch:[1562][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6834 (9.6741)
epoch 1562 finished, takes 33.1410129070282 seconds
Epoch:[1563][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9070 (9.9070)
Epoch:[1563][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9019 (9.9044)
Epoch:[1563][ 2/18]	Time 2.13 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1271 (9.9787)
Epoch:[1563][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5637 (9.8749)
Epoch:[1563][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2425 (9.7484)
Epoch:[1563][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7028 (9.7408)
Epoch:[1563][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3333 (9.6826)
Epoch:[1563][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6720 (9.6813)
Epoch:[1563][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2126 (9.7403)
Epoch:[1563][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8729 (9.7536)
Epoch:[1563][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8099 (9.7587)
Epoch:[1563][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7884 (9.7612)
Epoch:[1563][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9466 (9.6985)
Epoch:[1563][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1788 (9.6614)
Epoch:[1563][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5408 (9.6533)
Epoch:[1563][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0598 (9.6788)
Epoch:[1563][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6444 (9.6767)
Epoch:[1563][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5721 (9.6709)
epoch 1563 finished, takes 34.13995027542114 seconds
Epoch:[1564][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1637 (10.1637)
Epoch:[1564][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6367 (9.9002)
Epoch:[1564][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4778 (9.7594)
Epoch:[1564][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0324 (9.8277)
Epoch:[1564][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8654 (9.8352)
Epoch:[1564][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5235 (9.9499)
Epoch:[1564][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6626 (9.9089)
Epoch:[1564][ 7/18]	Time 2.19 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6281 (9.8738)
Epoch:[1564][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2453 (9.9151)
Epoch:[1564][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6998 (9.8935)
Epoch:[1564][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1761 (9.9192)
Epoch:[1564][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1529 (9.8554)
Epoch:[1564][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1919 (9.8043)
Epoch:[1564][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9419 (9.8141)
Epoch:[1564][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0317 (9.8286)
Epoch:[1564][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5749 (9.8128)
Epoch:[1564][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3451 (9.7853)
Epoch:[1564][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8017 (9.7862)
epoch 1564 finished, takes 34.34301567077637 seconds
Epoch:[1565][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1224 (10.1224)
Epoch:[1565][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1962 (10.1593)
Epoch:[1565][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8754 (10.0647)
Epoch:[1565][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5450 (9.9347)
Epoch:[1565][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0806 (9.9639)
Epoch:[1565][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7200 (9.9233)
Epoch:[1565][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0134 (9.9361)
Epoch:[1565][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4727 (9.8782)
Epoch:[1565][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2488 (9.8083)
Epoch:[1565][ 9/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8714 (9.8146)
Epoch:[1565][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4883 (9.7849)
Epoch:[1565][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9028 (9.7947)
Epoch:[1565][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6125 (9.7807)
Epoch:[1565][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9005 (9.7893)
Epoch:[1565][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7103 (9.7840)
Epoch:[1565][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8142 (9.7859)
Epoch:[1565][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0247 (9.7411)
Epoch:[1565][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9332 (9.7518)
epoch 1565 finished, takes 33.84362864494324 seconds
Epoch:[1566][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9508 (9.9508)
Epoch:[1566][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4897 (9.7203)
Epoch:[1566][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9623 (9.8009)
Epoch:[1566][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7231 (9.7815)
Epoch:[1566][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7589 (9.7770)
Epoch:[1566][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5868 (9.7453)
Epoch:[1566][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8257 (9.7568)
Epoch:[1566][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7878 (9.7606)
Epoch:[1566][ 8/18]	Time 1.60 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1474 (9.8036)
Epoch:[1566][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3739 (9.7606)
Epoch:[1566][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4454 (9.7320)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5628887586032679  precision:  0.6092972155498542  f1:  0.5116721926255208 perclass recall:  [0.98954124 0.7346968  0.74607535 0.19560878 0.14852162]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7473374434047384  precision:  0.7689234127423603  f1:  0.7506670387552314 perclass recall:  [0.95914397 0.61458333 0.79910714 0.79365079 0.65063291 0.68304668
 0.75144509 0.72708963]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.707603337739243  precision:  0.7122657630019589  f1:  0.6968835885873568 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96399457 0.96589147 0.42366412 0.90606061 0.53908189]
Epoch:[1566][11/18]	Time 12.64 (2.77)	Data 10.55 (0.88)	Loss 9.7268 (9.7316)
Epoch:[1566][12/18]	Time 1.91 (2.70)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 10.1802 (9.7661)
Epoch:[1566][13/18]	Time 1.76 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.6999 (9.7613)
Epoch:[1566][14/18]	Time 1.91 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.9385 (9.7732)
Epoch:[1566][15/18]	Time 1.94 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.9981 (9.7872)
Epoch:[1566][16/18]	Time 1.95 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.9553 (9.7971)
Epoch:[1566][17/18]	Time 1.75 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.7171 (9.7927)
epoch 1566 finished, takes 44.47855567932129 seconds
Epoch:[1567][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.6695 (10.6695)
Epoch:[1567][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6386 (10.1540)
Epoch:[1567][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7059 (10.0047)
Epoch:[1567][ 3/18]	Time 2.34 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3589 (9.8432)
Epoch:[1567][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0912 (9.8928)
Epoch:[1567][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5900 (9.8423)
Epoch:[1567][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7311 (9.8265)
Epoch:[1567][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4453 (9.7788)
Epoch:[1567][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3396 (9.7300)
Epoch:[1567][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0644 (9.7634)
Epoch:[1567][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4043 (9.7308)
Epoch:[1567][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8234 (9.7385)
Epoch:[1567][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8803 (9.7494)
Epoch:[1567][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9494 (9.7637)
Epoch:[1567][14/18]	Time 1.60 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2141 (9.7271)
Epoch:[1567][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2539 (9.7600)
Epoch:[1567][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4173 (9.7398)
Epoch:[1567][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2327 (9.7117)
epoch 1567 finished, takes 33.29701566696167 seconds
Epoch:[1568][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1254 (10.1254)
Epoch:[1568][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8542 (9.9898)
Epoch:[1568][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6303 (9.8700)
Epoch:[1568][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7799 (9.8474)
Epoch:[1568][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7378 (9.8255)
Epoch:[1568][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1980 (9.8876)
Epoch:[1568][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1122 (9.7768)
Epoch:[1568][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8894 (9.7909)
Epoch:[1568][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8743 (9.8002)
Epoch:[1568][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8391 (9.8041)
Epoch:[1568][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1332 (9.8340)
Epoch:[1568][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8175 (9.8326)
Epoch:[1568][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1459 (9.8567)
Epoch:[1568][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3651 (9.8216)
Epoch:[1568][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0773 (9.7720)
Epoch:[1568][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7961 (9.7735)
Epoch:[1568][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4671 (9.7555)
Epoch:[1568][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6501 (9.7496)
epoch 1568 finished, takes 33.80679249763489 seconds
Epoch:[1569][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8845 (9.8845)
Epoch:[1569][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6897 (9.7871)
Epoch:[1569][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4025 (9.6589)
Epoch:[1569][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6280 (9.6512)
Epoch:[1569][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4722 (9.6154)
Epoch:[1569][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2292 (9.5510)
Epoch:[1569][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9119 (9.6026)
Epoch:[1569][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7783 (9.6245)
Epoch:[1569][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9511 (9.6608)
Epoch:[1569][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5950 (9.6542)
Epoch:[1569][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6540 (9.6542)
Epoch:[1569][11/18]	Time 1.60 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7102 (9.6589)
Epoch:[1569][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1331 (9.6954)
Epoch:[1569][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7326 (9.6980)
Epoch:[1569][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7267 (9.6999)
Epoch:[1569][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7683 (9.7042)
Epoch:[1569][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9042 (9.7160)
Epoch:[1569][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3783 (9.7528)
epoch 1569 finished, takes 34.22217893600464 seconds
Epoch:[1570][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1433 (10.1433)
Epoch:[1570][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2413 (9.6923)
Epoch:[1570][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7709 (9.7185)
Epoch:[1570][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7317 (9.7218)
Epoch:[1570][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7535 (9.7281)
Epoch:[1570][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2495 (9.8150)
Epoch:[1570][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3704 (9.7515)
Epoch:[1570][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5188 (9.7224)
Epoch:[1570][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9123 (9.7435)
Epoch:[1570][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0767 (9.7768)
Epoch:[1570][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1120 (9.7164)
Epoch:[1570][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4295 (9.6925)
Epoch:[1570][12/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6946 (9.6927)
Epoch:[1570][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2508 (9.6611)
Epoch:[1570][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7810 (9.6691)
Epoch:[1570][15/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8202 (9.6785)
Epoch:[1570][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6396 (9.6762)
Epoch:[1570][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5263 (9.6679)
epoch 1570 finished, takes 32.94153547286987 seconds
Epoch:[1571][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5799 (9.5799)
Epoch:[1571][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5908 (9.5854)
Epoch:[1571][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9357 (9.3688)
Epoch:[1571][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9371 (9.5109)
Epoch:[1571][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0423 (9.6172)
Epoch:[1571][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4759 (9.5936)
Epoch:[1571][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4954 (9.5796)
Epoch:[1571][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8431 (9.6126)
Epoch:[1571][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3116 (9.5791)
Epoch:[1571][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7172 (9.5929)
Epoch:[1571][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3878 (9.5743)
Epoch:[1571][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0203 (9.6114)
Epoch:[1571][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9038 (9.6339)
Epoch:[1571][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7562 (9.6427)
Epoch:[1571][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3095 (9.6871)
Epoch:[1571][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6487 (9.6847)
Epoch:[1571][16/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6988 (9.6856)
Epoch:[1571][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3475 (9.6668)
epoch 1571 finished, takes 34.1056022644043 seconds
Epoch:[1572][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7856 (9.7856)
Epoch:[1572][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1125 (9.4490)
Epoch:[1572][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9754 (9.6245)
Epoch:[1572][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9181 (9.6979)
Epoch:[1572][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8881 (9.7359)
Epoch:[1572][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7050 (9.7308)
Epoch:[1572][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9379 (9.7604)
Epoch:[1572][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4337 (9.7195)
Epoch:[1572][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5260 (9.6980)
Epoch:[1572][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9593 (9.7242)
Epoch:[1572][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8762 (9.7380)
Epoch:[1572][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7733 (9.7409)
Epoch:[1572][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7812 (9.7440)
Epoch:[1572][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3794 (9.7180)
Epoch:[1572][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2996 (9.6901)
Epoch:[1572][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8977 (9.7031)
Epoch:[1572][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1509 (9.7294)
Epoch:[1572][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6502 (9.7250)
epoch 1572 finished, takes 33.599615812301636 seconds
Epoch:[1573][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3969 (9.3969)
Epoch:[1573][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8033 (9.6001)
Epoch:[1573][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6182 (9.6061)
Epoch:[1573][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7845 (9.6507)
Epoch:[1573][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6690 (9.6544)
Epoch:[1573][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1889 (9.5768)
Epoch:[1573][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5876 (9.5783)
Epoch:[1573][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4876 (9.5670)
Epoch:[1573][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6427 (9.5754)
Epoch:[1573][ 9/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2061 (9.6385)
Epoch:[1573][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4570 (9.6220)
Epoch:[1573][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1250 (9.6639)
Epoch:[1573][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9662 (9.6872)
Epoch:[1573][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7320 (9.6904)
Epoch:[1573][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5774 (9.6828)
Epoch:[1573][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1649 (9.6505)
Epoch:[1573][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6018 (9.6476)
Epoch:[1573][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1721 (9.6767)
epoch 1573 finished, takes 34.39144825935364 seconds
Epoch:[1574][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3307 (10.3307)
Epoch:[1574][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4617 (9.8962)
Epoch:[1574][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7195 (9.8373)
Epoch:[1574][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6047 (9.7791)
Epoch:[1574][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2051 (9.6643)
Epoch:[1574][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6142 (9.6560)
Epoch:[1574][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6802 (9.6594)
Epoch:[1574][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7202 (9.6670)
Epoch:[1574][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0609 (9.7108)
Epoch:[1574][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2438 (9.6641)
Epoch:[1574][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7351 (9.6705)
Epoch:[1574][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6320 (9.6673)
Epoch:[1574][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2450 (9.7118)
Epoch:[1574][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5593 (9.7009)
Epoch:[1574][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3012 (9.6742)
Epoch:[1574][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9051 (9.6887)
Epoch:[1574][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5770 (9.6821)
Epoch:[1574][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4296 (9.6681)
epoch 1574 finished, takes 34.475611209869385 seconds
Epoch:[1575][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9272 (8.9272)
Epoch:[1575][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7510 (9.3391)
Epoch:[1575][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8917 (9.5233)
Epoch:[1575][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5532 (9.5308)
Epoch:[1575][ 4/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7648 (9.5776)
Epoch:[1575][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0800 (9.6613)
Epoch:[1575][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1787 (9.7352)
Epoch:[1575][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3624 (9.6886)
Epoch:[1575][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0845 (9.7326)
Epoch:[1575][ 9/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9467 (9.7540)
Epoch:[1575][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9112 (9.7683)
Epoch:[1575][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5717 (9.7519)
Epoch:[1575][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6246 (9.7421)
Epoch:[1575][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3878 (9.7168)
Epoch:[1575][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7979 (9.7222)
Epoch:[1575][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8728 (9.7316)
Epoch:[1575][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8948 (9.7412)
Epoch:[1575][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7071 (9.7393)
epoch 1575 finished, takes 33.596967935562134 seconds
Epoch:[1576][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7303 (9.7303)
Epoch:[1576][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6962 (9.7133)
Epoch:[1576][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9867 (9.8044)
Epoch:[1576][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6793 (9.7731)
Epoch:[1576][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9072 (9.8000)
Epoch:[1576][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6497 (9.7749)
Epoch:[1576][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5938 (9.7490)
Epoch:[1576][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2454 (9.8111)
Epoch:[1576][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0385 (9.8363)
Epoch:[1576][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4422 (9.8969)
Epoch:[1576][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6533 (9.8748)
Epoch:[1576][11/18]	Time 2.13 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4444 (9.8389)
Epoch:[1576][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1250 (9.7840)
Epoch:[1576][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4346 (9.7590)
Epoch:[1576][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4468 (9.7382)
Epoch:[1576][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5714 (9.7278)
Epoch:[1576][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7386 (9.7284)
Epoch:[1576][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3193 (9.7057)
epoch 1576 finished, takes 34.349838972091675 seconds
Epoch:[1577][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6136 (9.6136)
Epoch:[1577][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4086 (9.5111)
Epoch:[1577][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5987 (9.5403)
Epoch:[1577][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4444 (9.5163)
Epoch:[1577][ 4/18]	Time 1.55 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4770 (9.5085)
Epoch:[1577][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8586 (9.5668)
Epoch:[1577][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5107 (9.5588)
Epoch:[1577][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8546 (9.5958)
Epoch:[1577][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8125 (9.6198)
Epoch:[1577][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6907 (9.6269)
Epoch:[1577][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3435 (9.6012)
Epoch:[1577][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2553 (9.6557)
Epoch:[1577][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5051 (9.6441)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.561124010878421  precision:  0.6092712252430791  f1:  0.5090747811881432 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73641304 0.74568289 0.18928809 0.14493249]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7495051654968092  precision:  0.7717107564343113  f1:  0.7522684398811003 perclass recall:  [0.95654994 0.61666667 0.796875   0.75736961 0.68101266 0.71498771
 0.7495183  0.72306143]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.707816153180866  precision:  0.7129905139541411  f1:  0.6975322437172168 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96399457 0.96434109 0.42366412 0.90454545 0.54342432]
Epoch:[1577][13/18]	Time 12.46 (2.59)	Data 10.35 (0.74)	Loss 9.8576 (9.6593)
Epoch:[1577][14/18]	Time 1.84 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.9835 (9.6810)
Epoch:[1577][15/18]	Time 1.97 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.2784 (9.6558)
Epoch:[1577][16/18]	Time 1.78 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.7989 (9.6642)
Epoch:[1577][17/18]	Time 2.13 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 10.1167 (9.6893)
epoch 1577 finished, takes 44.04048013687134 seconds
Epoch:[1578][ 0/18]	Time 2.14 (2.14)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6375 (9.6375)
Epoch:[1578][ 1/18]	Time 1.64 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6602 (9.6488)
Epoch:[1578][ 2/18]	Time 1.64 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9848 (9.4275)
Epoch:[1578][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9170 (9.5499)
Epoch:[1578][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8678 (9.6134)
Epoch:[1578][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6068 (9.6123)
Epoch:[1578][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6084 (9.6118)
Epoch:[1578][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6298 (9.6140)
Epoch:[1578][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1596 (9.6747)
Epoch:[1578][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0309 (9.7103)
Epoch:[1578][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7003 (9.7094)
Epoch:[1578][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3764 (9.6816)
Epoch:[1578][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3919 (9.6593)
Epoch:[1578][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0016 (9.6838)
Epoch:[1578][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7800 (9.6902)
Epoch:[1578][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4615 (9.6759)
Epoch:[1578][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8398 (9.6855)
Epoch:[1578][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7097 (9.7424)
epoch 1578 finished, takes 33.61146807670593 seconds
Epoch:[1579][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8282 (9.8282)
Epoch:[1579][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8926 (9.8604)
Epoch:[1579][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7898 (9.8368)
Epoch:[1579][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7224 (9.8082)
Epoch:[1579][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8731 (9.8212)
Epoch:[1579][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1514 (9.8762)
Epoch:[1579][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8163 (9.8677)
Epoch:[1579][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2873 (9.7951)
Epoch:[1579][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2306 (9.7324)
Epoch:[1579][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8712 (9.7463)
Epoch:[1579][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5380 (9.7274)
Epoch:[1579][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9671 (9.7473)
Epoch:[1579][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5414 (9.7315)
Epoch:[1579][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0472 (9.7540)
Epoch:[1579][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5962 (9.7435)
Epoch:[1579][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0533 (9.7629)
Epoch:[1579][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7316 (9.7610)
Epoch:[1579][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6573 (9.7553)
epoch 1579 finished, takes 33.640013694763184 seconds
Epoch:[1580][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5109 (9.5109)
Epoch:[1580][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9293 (9.7201)
Epoch:[1580][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0888 (9.8430)
Epoch:[1580][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3272 (9.9641)
Epoch:[1580][ 4/18]	Time 2.21 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9287 (9.9570)
Epoch:[1580][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5639 (9.8915)
Epoch:[1580][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4527 (9.9716)
Epoch:[1580][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6022 (9.9255)
Epoch:[1580][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5494 (9.8837)
Epoch:[1580][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8953 (9.8848)
Epoch:[1580][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8348 (9.7894)
Epoch:[1580][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8707 (9.7962)
Epoch:[1580][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2194 (9.7518)
Epoch:[1580][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7942 (9.7548)
Epoch:[1580][14/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6073 (9.7450)
Epoch:[1580][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9445 (9.7575)
Epoch:[1580][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1398 (9.7799)
Epoch:[1580][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3680 (9.7571)
epoch 1580 finished, takes 34.141977310180664 seconds
Epoch:[1581][ 0/18]	Time 1.68 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7531 (9.7531)
Epoch:[1581][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8953 (9.8242)
Epoch:[1581][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0431 (9.8972)
Epoch:[1581][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6504 (9.8355)
Epoch:[1581][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7401 (9.8164)
Epoch:[1581][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6600 (9.7903)
Epoch:[1581][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4719 (9.7448)
Epoch:[1581][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6738 (9.7360)
Epoch:[1581][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3282 (9.6907)
Epoch:[1581][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2138 (9.6430)
Epoch:[1581][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7080 (9.6489)
Epoch:[1581][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9445 (9.6735)
Epoch:[1581][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9284 (9.6931)
Epoch:[1581][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0134 (9.7160)
Epoch:[1581][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5982 (9.7081)
Epoch:[1581][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1266 (9.7343)
Epoch:[1581][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1470 (9.6998)
Epoch:[1581][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2224 (9.7288)
epoch 1581 finished, takes 34.01516771316528 seconds
Epoch:[1582][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5245 (9.5245)
Epoch:[1582][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1459 (9.8352)
Epoch:[1582][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4862 (9.7189)
Epoch:[1582][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7748 (9.7329)
Epoch:[1582][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7239 (9.7311)
Epoch:[1582][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6915 (9.7245)
Epoch:[1582][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6806 (9.7182)
Epoch:[1582][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8073 (9.7293)
Epoch:[1582][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7508 (9.7317)
Epoch:[1582][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8549 (9.7441)
Epoch:[1582][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8126 (9.7503)
Epoch:[1582][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2403 (9.7911)
Epoch:[1582][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2669 (9.7508)
Epoch:[1582][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2914 (9.7180)
Epoch:[1582][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8031 (9.7237)
Epoch:[1582][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9478 (9.7377)
Epoch:[1582][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8543 (9.7445)
Epoch:[1582][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7282 (9.7436)
epoch 1582 finished, takes 33.281028509140015 seconds
Epoch:[1583][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8160 (9.8160)
Epoch:[1583][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6655 (9.7407)
Epoch:[1583][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6596 (9.7137)
Epoch:[1583][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1815 (9.8306)
Epoch:[1583][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9478 (9.8541)
Epoch:[1583][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1623 (9.7388)
Epoch:[1583][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1392 (9.7960)
Epoch:[1583][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3881 (9.7450)
Epoch:[1583][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0336 (9.7771)
Epoch:[1583][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4932 (9.7487)
Epoch:[1583][10/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7447 (9.7483)
Epoch:[1583][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9837 (9.7679)
Epoch:[1583][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2491 (9.8049)
Epoch:[1583][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9502 (9.8153)
Epoch:[1583][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1911 (9.7737)
Epoch:[1583][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0295 (9.7897)
Epoch:[1583][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4534 (9.7699)
Epoch:[1583][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5132 (9.7556)
epoch 1583 finished, takes 33.57456660270691 seconds
Epoch:[1584][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3414 (10.3414)
Epoch:[1584][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7838 (10.0626)
Epoch:[1584][ 2/18]	Time 2.26 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6848 (9.9367)
Epoch:[1584][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0722 (9.9705)
Epoch:[1584][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4750 (9.8714)
Epoch:[1584][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5470 (9.8174)
Epoch:[1584][ 6/18]	Time 1.61 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7087 (9.8018)
Epoch:[1584][ 7/18]	Time 2.22 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8254 (9.8048)
Epoch:[1584][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0797 (9.8353)
Epoch:[1584][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8718 (9.8390)
Epoch:[1584][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6879 (9.8252)
Epoch:[1584][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6789 (9.8130)
Epoch:[1584][12/18]	Time 2.21 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5434 (9.7923)
Epoch:[1584][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0818 (9.8130)
Epoch:[1584][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0609 (9.8295)
Epoch:[1584][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8298 (9.8295)
Epoch:[1584][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2104 (9.8519)
Epoch:[1584][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7804 (9.8480)
epoch 1584 finished, takes 33.77297282218933 seconds
Epoch:[1585][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1994 (10.1994)
Epoch:[1585][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3137 (9.7566)
Epoch:[1585][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4334 (9.6488)
Epoch:[1585][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9464 (9.7232)
Epoch:[1585][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7453 (9.7276)
Epoch:[1585][ 5/18]	Time 2.22 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7908 (9.7382)
Epoch:[1585][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0178 (9.7781)
Epoch:[1585][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8452 (9.7865)
Epoch:[1585][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2052 (9.8330)
Epoch:[1585][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3894 (9.7887)
Epoch:[1585][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9078 (9.7995)
Epoch:[1585][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5568 (9.7793)
Epoch:[1585][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7592 (9.7777)
Epoch:[1585][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0754 (9.7990)
Epoch:[1585][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2472 (9.8289)
Epoch:[1585][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6354 (9.8168)
Epoch:[1585][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6573 (9.8074)
Epoch:[1585][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5069 (9.7907)
epoch 1585 finished, takes 33.64923572540283 seconds
Epoch:[1586][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5993 (9.5993)
Epoch:[1586][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9495 (9.7744)
Epoch:[1586][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2370 (9.5953)
Epoch:[1586][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6870 (9.6182)
Epoch:[1586][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7210 (9.6388)
Epoch:[1586][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5482 (9.6237)
Epoch:[1586][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9110 (9.6647)
Epoch:[1586][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2424 (9.6119)
Epoch:[1586][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2087 (9.6782)
Epoch:[1586][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6159 (9.6720)
Epoch:[1586][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0100 (9.7027)
Epoch:[1586][11/18]	Time 2.31 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6768 (9.7006)
Epoch:[1586][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3407 (9.6729)
Epoch:[1586][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5296 (9.7341)
Epoch:[1586][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0819 (9.7573)
Epoch:[1586][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6338 (9.7495)
Epoch:[1586][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4726 (9.7333)
Epoch:[1586][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6364 (9.7279)
epoch 1586 finished, takes 34.3536741733551 seconds
Epoch:[1587][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4024 (9.4024)
Epoch:[1587][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3194 (9.8609)
Epoch:[1587][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4048 (9.7089)
Epoch:[1587][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4701 (9.6492)
Epoch:[1587][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8607 (9.6915)
Epoch:[1587][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1201 (9.7629)
Epoch:[1587][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5771 (9.7364)
Epoch:[1587][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3430 (9.8122)
Epoch:[1587][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6064 (9.7893)
Epoch:[1587][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3081 (9.7412)
Epoch:[1587][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9620 (9.7613)
Epoch:[1587][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4853 (9.7383)
Epoch:[1587][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5466 (9.7236)
Epoch:[1587][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2427 (9.7606)
Epoch:[1587][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6577 (9.7538)
Epoch:[1587][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2014 (9.7818)
Epoch:[1587][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8529 (9.7859)
Epoch:[1587][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5222 (9.7713)
epoch 1587 finished, takes 33.51305365562439 seconds
Epoch:[1588][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7058 (9.7058)
Epoch:[1588][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9863 (9.8460)
Epoch:[1588][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8016 (9.8312)
Epoch:[1588][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9949 (9.8721)
Epoch:[1588][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0272 (9.9032)
Epoch:[1588][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4921 (9.8347)
Epoch:[1588][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8326 (9.8344)
Epoch:[1588][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4895 (9.7913)
Epoch:[1588][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7890 (9.7910)
Epoch:[1588][ 9/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5174 (9.7636)
Epoch:[1588][10/18]	Time 2.18 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8698 (9.7733)
Epoch:[1588][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2973 (9.7336)
Epoch:[1588][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7929 (9.7382)
Epoch:[1588][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0701 (9.7619)
Epoch:[1588][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8796 (9.7697)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5629635209218536  precision:  0.6109808253541591  f1:  0.5110919724317089 perclass recall:  [0.98977894 0.73698513 0.74529042 0.19560878 0.14715433]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7497609887858397  precision:  0.7690855194017805  f1:  0.7513163132562397 perclass recall:  [0.95590143 0.60833333 0.80357143 0.76190476 0.67341772 0.71007371
 0.76685934 0.71802618]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7066246367713919  precision:  0.7143766740777496  f1:  0.6972962221171354 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96399457 0.96434109 0.42175573 0.9030303  0.54528536]
Epoch:[1588][15/18]	Time 12.28 (2.53)	Data 10.33 (0.65)	Loss 9.4112 (9.7473)
Epoch:[1588][16/18]	Time 2.14 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.2325 (9.7170)
Epoch:[1588][17/18]	Time 2.06 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.7200 (9.7172)
epoch 1588 finished, takes 44.69739389419556 seconds
Epoch:[1589][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6115 (9.6115)
Epoch:[1589][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6010 (9.6063)
Epoch:[1589][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9235 (9.7120)
Epoch:[1589][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9005 (9.7591)
Epoch:[1589][ 4/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7538 (9.7581)
Epoch:[1589][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8821 (9.7787)
Epoch:[1589][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1893 (9.8374)
Epoch:[1589][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3684 (9.7788)
Epoch:[1589][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8450 (9.7861)
Epoch:[1589][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3729 (9.7448)
Epoch:[1589][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6273 (9.7341)
Epoch:[1589][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6596 (9.7279)
Epoch:[1589][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7863 (9.7324)
Epoch:[1589][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9296 (9.7465)
Epoch:[1589][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9475 (9.6932)
Epoch:[1589][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3439 (9.6714)
Epoch:[1589][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6588 (9.6706)
Epoch:[1589][17/18]	Time 2.27 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7736 (9.6764)
epoch 1589 finished, takes 33.92923188209534 seconds
Epoch:[1590][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6670 (9.6670)
Epoch:[1590][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8701 (9.7686)
Epoch:[1590][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5313 (9.6895)
Epoch:[1590][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3664 (9.6087)
Epoch:[1590][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5666 (9.6003)
Epoch:[1590][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5076 (9.5848)
Epoch:[1590][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6171 (9.5894)
Epoch:[1590][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5563 (9.5853)
Epoch:[1590][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0212 (9.6337)
Epoch:[1590][ 9/18]	Time 2.20 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1113 (9.6815)
Epoch:[1590][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8255 (9.6037)
Epoch:[1590][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5618 (9.6002)
Epoch:[1590][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2992 (9.6540)
Epoch:[1590][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7725 (9.6624)
Epoch:[1590][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8186 (9.6728)
Epoch:[1590][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2718 (9.6478)
Epoch:[1590][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1820 (9.6792)
Epoch:[1590][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3611 (9.7171)
epoch 1590 finished, takes 33.90099358558655 seconds
Epoch:[1591][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4340 (9.4340)
Epoch:[1591][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5864 (9.5102)
Epoch:[1591][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9599 (9.6601)
Epoch:[1591][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3675 (9.5870)
Epoch:[1591][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4822 (9.5660)
Epoch:[1591][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1020 (9.4887)
Epoch:[1591][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7466 (9.5255)
Epoch:[1591][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5265 (9.5256)
Epoch:[1591][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6215 (9.5363)
Epoch:[1591][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4285 (9.5255)
Epoch:[1591][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1872 (9.5857)
Epoch:[1591][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8978 (9.6117)
Epoch:[1591][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8338 (9.6288)
Epoch:[1591][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7590 (9.6381)
Epoch:[1591][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9359 (9.6579)
Epoch:[1591][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8537 (9.6702)
Epoch:[1591][16/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6814 (9.6708)
Epoch:[1591][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8043 (9.6782)
epoch 1591 finished, takes 33.924694776535034 seconds
Epoch:[1592][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0508 (10.0508)
Epoch:[1592][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3965 (9.7236)
Epoch:[1592][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6534 (9.7002)
Epoch:[1592][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7744 (9.7188)
Epoch:[1592][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6056 (9.6961)
Epoch:[1592][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7527 (9.7056)
Epoch:[1592][ 6/18]	Time 1.60 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0201 (9.7505)
Epoch:[1592][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8469 (9.7625)
Epoch:[1592][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6717 (9.7524)
Epoch:[1592][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8333 (9.7605)
Epoch:[1592][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3599 (9.7241)
Epoch:[1592][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4479 (9.7011)
Epoch:[1592][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6774 (9.6993)
Epoch:[1592][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9397 (9.7165)
Epoch:[1592][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1302 (9.7440)
Epoch:[1592][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7904 (9.7469)
Epoch:[1592][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5598 (9.7359)
Epoch:[1592][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7378 (9.7360)
epoch 1592 finished, takes 33.82611846923828 seconds
Epoch:[1593][ 0/18]	Time 2.10 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6853 (9.6853)
Epoch:[1593][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6548 (9.6700)
Epoch:[1593][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8895 (9.7432)
Epoch:[1593][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7298 (9.7398)
Epoch:[1593][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7808 (9.7480)
Epoch:[1593][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5867 (9.7211)
Epoch:[1593][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5325 (9.6942)
Epoch:[1593][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0874 (9.7434)
Epoch:[1593][ 8/18]	Time 1.63 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8343 (9.7535)
Epoch:[1593][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9523 (9.7733)
Epoch:[1593][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6357 (9.7608)
Epoch:[1593][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2668 (9.7197)
Epoch:[1593][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2802 (9.7628)
Epoch:[1593][13/18]	Time 1.59 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9355 (9.7751)
Epoch:[1593][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1236 (9.7983)
Epoch:[1593][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8743 (9.8031)
Epoch:[1593][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7884 (9.8022)
Epoch:[1593][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0375 (9.8153)
epoch 1593 finished, takes 34.5311017036438 seconds
Epoch:[1594][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7887 (9.7887)
Epoch:[1594][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5848 (9.6867)
Epoch:[1594][ 2/18]	Time 2.21 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0542 (9.8092)
Epoch:[1594][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7828 (9.8026)
Epoch:[1594][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1811 (9.8783)
Epoch:[1594][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6433 (9.8391)
Epoch:[1594][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6274 (9.8089)
Epoch:[1594][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6096 (9.7840)
Epoch:[1594][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3420 (9.8460)
Epoch:[1594][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1796 (9.7793)
Epoch:[1594][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7846 (9.7798)
Epoch:[1594][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7806 (9.7799)
Epoch:[1594][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7498 (9.7776)
Epoch:[1594][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1099 (9.8013)
Epoch:[1594][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5813 (9.7866)
Epoch:[1594][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5272 (9.7704)
Epoch:[1594][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8296 (9.7739)
Epoch:[1594][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7589 (9.7731)
epoch 1594 finished, takes 33.88699269294739 seconds
Epoch:[1595][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4364 (9.4364)
Epoch:[1595][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7118 (9.5741)
Epoch:[1595][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4314 (9.5265)
Epoch:[1595][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9572 (9.6342)
Epoch:[1595][ 4/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6321 (9.6338)
Epoch:[1595][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3344 (9.5839)
Epoch:[1595][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7260 (9.6042)
Epoch:[1595][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4634 (9.5866)
Epoch:[1595][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6905 (9.5981)
Epoch:[1595][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3887 (9.5772)
Epoch:[1595][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6127 (9.5804)
Epoch:[1595][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9229 (9.6090)
Epoch:[1595][12/18]	Time 1.64 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6274 (9.6104)
Epoch:[1595][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7510 (9.6204)
Epoch:[1595][14/18]	Time 2.36 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8041 (9.6327)
Epoch:[1595][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3098 (9.6125)
Epoch:[1595][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1929 (9.6466)
Epoch:[1595][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6448 (9.6465)
epoch 1595 finished, takes 34.47665786743164 seconds
Epoch:[1596][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9462 (9.9462)
Epoch:[1596][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0668 (9.5065)
Epoch:[1596][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0583 (9.6904)
Epoch:[1596][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8818 (9.7383)
Epoch:[1596][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4761 (9.6858)
Epoch:[1596][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2437 (9.6122)
Epoch:[1596][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7844 (9.6368)
Epoch:[1596][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2095 (9.5834)
Epoch:[1596][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2069 (9.5415)
Epoch:[1596][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7127 (9.5586)
Epoch:[1596][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7211 (9.5734)
Epoch:[1596][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9459 (9.6045)
Epoch:[1596][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9671 (9.6323)
Epoch:[1596][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9038 (9.6517)
Epoch:[1596][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2439 (9.6246)
Epoch:[1596][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2764 (9.6028)
Epoch:[1596][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6454 (9.6053)
Epoch:[1596][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8545 (9.6191)
epoch 1596 finished, takes 33.89203906059265 seconds
Epoch:[1597][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5800 (9.5800)
Epoch:[1597][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2691 (9.9246)
Epoch:[1597][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6803 (9.8431)
Epoch:[1597][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1012 (9.9077)
Epoch:[1597][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3850 (9.8031)
Epoch:[1597][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9055 (9.8202)
Epoch:[1597][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7534 (9.8106)
Epoch:[1597][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5556 (9.7788)
Epoch:[1597][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8057 (9.7818)
Epoch:[1597][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1853 (9.7221)
Epoch:[1597][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6011 (9.7111)
Epoch:[1597][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5895 (9.7010)
Epoch:[1597][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6402 (9.6963)
Epoch:[1597][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2075 (9.7328)
Epoch:[1597][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5892 (9.7232)
Epoch:[1597][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6883 (9.7211)
Epoch:[1597][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8081 (9.7262)
Epoch:[1597][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8604 (9.7336)
epoch 1597 finished, takes 33.91145062446594 seconds
Epoch:[1598][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2681 (9.2681)
Epoch:[1598][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4868 (9.3774)
Epoch:[1598][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0200 (9.5916)
Epoch:[1598][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8285 (9.6509)
Epoch:[1598][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1823 (9.7571)
Epoch:[1598][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6996 (9.7476)
Epoch:[1598][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3691 (9.6935)
Epoch:[1598][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5258 (9.6725)
Epoch:[1598][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9171 (9.6997)
Epoch:[1598][ 9/18]	Time 1.59 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2667 (9.7564)
Epoch:[1598][10/18]	Time 2.37 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6206 (9.7440)
Epoch:[1598][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1019 (9.7739)
Epoch:[1598][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1322 (9.8014)
Epoch:[1598][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0000 (9.8156)
Epoch:[1598][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5811 (9.8000)
Epoch:[1598][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9034 (9.8065)
Epoch:[1598][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3328 (9.7786)
Epoch:[1598][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5232 (9.7644)
epoch 1598 finished, takes 33.7414653301239 seconds
Epoch:[1599][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4525 (9.4525)
Epoch:[1599][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9744 (9.7134)
Epoch:[1599][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4827 (9.6365)
Epoch:[1599][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8112 (9.6802)
Epoch:[1599][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7179 (9.6877)
Epoch:[1599][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0125 (9.7419)
Epoch:[1599][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6350 (9.7266)
Epoch:[1599][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8719 (9.7448)
Epoch:[1599][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2271 (9.7983)
Epoch:[1599][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6212 (9.7806)
Epoch:[1599][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8444 (9.7864)
Epoch:[1599][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5708 (9.7685)
Epoch:[1599][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7802 (9.7694)
Epoch:[1599][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5999 (9.7573)
Epoch:[1599][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8822 (9.7656)
Epoch:[1599][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6865 (9.7606)
Epoch:[1599][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1336 (9.7826)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5598715080237552  precision:  0.6068234616408414  f1:  0.5059483666676183 perclass recall:  [0.98977894 0.73870137 0.74568289 0.18812375 0.13707059]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7491550412959551  precision:  0.7690407446729058  f1:  0.7505360510352435 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.60416667 0.79464286 0.74829932 0.69367089 0.71744472
 0.76878613 0.71097684]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7062690077759562  precision:  0.7117258831947209  f1:  0.6957299141415829 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96331522 0.96434109 0.42557252 0.9030303  0.53722084]
Epoch:[1599][17/18]	Time 12.32 (2.46)	Data 10.31 (0.57)	Loss 9.6390 (9.7746)
epoch 1599 finished, takes 44.23137974739075 seconds
Epoch:[1600][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6743 (9.6743)
Epoch:[1600][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1221 (9.3982)
Epoch:[1600][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6703 (9.4889)
Epoch:[1600][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7416 (9.5521)
Epoch:[1600][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7621 (9.5941)
Epoch:[1600][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3192 (9.5483)
Epoch:[1600][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6502 (9.5628)
Epoch:[1600][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5938 (9.5667)
Epoch:[1600][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2650 (9.5332)
Epoch:[1600][ 9/18]	Time 2.14 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9099 (9.5708)
Epoch:[1600][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3821 (9.5537)
Epoch:[1600][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7703 (9.5717)
Epoch:[1600][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5219 (9.5679)
Epoch:[1600][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9777 (9.5972)
Epoch:[1600][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7547 (9.6077)
Epoch:[1600][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6436 (9.6099)
Epoch:[1600][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6393 (9.6117)
Epoch:[1600][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5409 (9.6077)
epoch 1600 finished, takes 33.574299573898315 seconds
Epoch:[1601][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6067 (9.6067)
Epoch:[1601][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3082 (9.4574)
Epoch:[1601][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6943 (9.5364)
Epoch:[1601][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8330 (9.6106)
Epoch:[1601][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8968 (9.6678)
Epoch:[1601][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3813 (9.6200)
Epoch:[1601][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0112 (9.6759)
Epoch:[1601][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3664 (9.6372)
Epoch:[1601][ 8/18]	Time 1.59 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8458 (9.6604)
Epoch:[1601][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6322 (9.6576)
Epoch:[1601][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9689 (9.6859)
Epoch:[1601][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3082 (9.6544)
Epoch:[1601][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3545 (9.7083)
Epoch:[1601][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5294 (9.6955)
Epoch:[1601][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4522 (9.6793)
Epoch:[1601][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5797 (9.6730)
Epoch:[1601][16/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2524 (9.7071)
Epoch:[1601][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4303 (9.6917)
epoch 1601 finished, takes 33.51531934738159 seconds
Epoch:[1602][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9946 (9.9946)
Epoch:[1602][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5936 (9.7941)
Epoch:[1602][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5646 (9.7176)
Epoch:[1602][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4410 (9.6485)
Epoch:[1602][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2285 (9.5645)
Epoch:[1602][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6205 (9.5738)
Epoch:[1602][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2182 (9.5230)
Epoch:[1602][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6582 (9.5399)
Epoch:[1602][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3340 (9.5170)
Epoch:[1602][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0922 (9.5745)
Epoch:[1602][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5296 (9.5705)
Epoch:[1602][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5687 (9.5703)
Epoch:[1602][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7875 (9.5870)
Epoch:[1602][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6877 (9.5942)
Epoch:[1602][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8684 (9.6125)
Epoch:[1602][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4987 (9.6054)
Epoch:[1602][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2379 (9.6426)
Epoch:[1602][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6051 (9.6405)
epoch 1602 finished, takes 33.56664061546326 seconds
Epoch:[1603][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8785 (9.8785)
Epoch:[1603][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7959 (9.8372)
Epoch:[1603][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6031 (9.7592)
Epoch:[1603][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1782 (9.8639)
Epoch:[1603][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3272 (9.7566)
Epoch:[1603][ 5/18]	Time 2.15 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8713 (9.7757)
Epoch:[1603][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4619 (9.7309)
Epoch:[1603][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0511 (9.7709)
Epoch:[1603][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4653 (9.7370)
Epoch:[1603][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2676 (9.6900)
Epoch:[1603][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6080 (9.6826)
Epoch:[1603][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5120 (9.6684)
Epoch:[1603][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6351 (9.6658)
Epoch:[1603][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6847 (9.6671)
Epoch:[1603][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7922 (9.6755)
Epoch:[1603][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7605 (9.6808)
Epoch:[1603][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5837 (9.6751)
Epoch:[1603][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9448 (9.6901)
epoch 1603 finished, takes 34.08315134048462 seconds
Epoch:[1604][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8704 (9.8704)
Epoch:[1604][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9867 (9.9285)
Epoch:[1604][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5421 (9.7997)
Epoch:[1604][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8518 (9.8128)
Epoch:[1604][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0149 (9.8532)
Epoch:[1604][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5571 (9.8038)
Epoch:[1604][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5544 (9.7682)
Epoch:[1604][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6360 (9.7517)
Epoch:[1604][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9891 (9.6669)
Epoch:[1604][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6426 (9.6645)
Epoch:[1604][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0288 (9.6976)
Epoch:[1604][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8601 (9.7112)
Epoch:[1604][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2833 (9.6782)
Epoch:[1604][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3038 (9.6515)
Epoch:[1604][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4287 (9.6367)
Epoch:[1604][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6109 (9.6350)
Epoch:[1604][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6611 (9.6366)
Epoch:[1604][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9107 (9.6518)
epoch 1604 finished, takes 33.29094696044922 seconds
Epoch:[1605][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5040 (9.5040)
Epoch:[1605][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7288 (9.6164)
Epoch:[1605][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8268 (9.6865)
Epoch:[1605][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6122 (9.6680)
Epoch:[1605][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4019 (9.6147)
Epoch:[1605][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7452 (9.6365)
Epoch:[1605][ 6/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7242 (9.6490)
Epoch:[1605][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7511 (9.5368)
Epoch:[1605][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6510 (9.5495)
Epoch:[1605][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0748 (9.6020)
Epoch:[1605][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2091 (9.5663)
Epoch:[1605][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2421 (9.6226)
Epoch:[1605][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8534 (9.6404)
Epoch:[1605][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8471 (9.6551)
Epoch:[1605][14/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7382 (9.6607)
Epoch:[1605][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0649 (9.6859)
Epoch:[1605][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6916 (9.6863)
Epoch:[1605][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7182 (9.6880)
epoch 1605 finished, takes 33.73771333694458 seconds
Epoch:[1606][ 0/18]	Time 1.49 (1.49)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3292 (9.3292)
Epoch:[1606][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2285 (9.2788)
Epoch:[1606][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6141 (9.3906)
Epoch:[1606][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7127 (9.4711)
Epoch:[1606][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7306 (9.5230)
Epoch:[1606][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9091 (9.5874)
Epoch:[1606][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0214 (9.6494)
Epoch:[1606][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9350 (9.6851)
Epoch:[1606][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0564 (9.7263)
Epoch:[1606][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9399 (9.7477)
Epoch:[1606][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8133 (9.7537)
Epoch:[1606][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4489 (9.7283)
Epoch:[1606][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1249 (9.6818)
Epoch:[1606][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0748 (9.7099)
Epoch:[1606][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1281 (9.6711)
Epoch:[1606][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1331 (9.7000)
Epoch:[1606][16/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4617 (9.6860)
Epoch:[1606][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9104 (9.6985)
epoch 1606 finished, takes 33.76861643791199 seconds
Epoch:[1607][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7858 (9.7858)
Epoch:[1607][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5104 (9.6481)
Epoch:[1607][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6423 (9.6461)
Epoch:[1607][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0723 (9.7527)
Epoch:[1607][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5748 (9.7171)
Epoch:[1607][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2256 (9.6352)
Epoch:[1607][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3373 (9.7355)
Epoch:[1607][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0430 (9.7739)
Epoch:[1607][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7577 (9.7721)
Epoch:[1607][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6677 (9.7617)
Epoch:[1607][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1830 (9.8000)
Epoch:[1607][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7223 (9.7935)
Epoch:[1607][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4119 (9.7642)
Epoch:[1607][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6949 (9.7592)
Epoch:[1607][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2876 (9.7278)
Epoch:[1607][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3121 (9.7018)
Epoch:[1607][16/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7355 (9.7038)
Epoch:[1607][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6399 (9.7002)
epoch 1607 finished, takes 33.32565999031067 seconds
Epoch:[1608][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9048 (9.9048)
Epoch:[1608][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5861 (9.7455)
Epoch:[1608][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2792 (9.5900)
Epoch:[1608][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6952 (9.6163)
Epoch:[1608][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8243 (9.6579)
Epoch:[1608][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5085 (9.6330)
Epoch:[1608][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2785 (9.5824)
Epoch:[1608][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6734 (9.5938)
Epoch:[1608][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5993 (9.5944)
Epoch:[1608][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0968 (9.6446)
Epoch:[1608][10/18]	Time 2.26 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1946 (9.6946)
Epoch:[1608][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3762 (9.6681)
Epoch:[1608][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8521 (9.6822)
Epoch:[1608][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3288 (9.6570)
Epoch:[1608][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2831 (9.6987)
Epoch:[1608][15/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5837 (9.6915)
Epoch:[1608][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5832 (9.6852)
Epoch:[1608][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9068 (9.6975)
epoch 1608 finished, takes 34.71275615692139 seconds
Epoch:[1609][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2255 (10.2255)
Epoch:[1609][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1894 (9.7074)
Epoch:[1609][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0959 (9.8369)
Epoch:[1609][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5311 (9.7605)
Epoch:[1609][ 4/18]	Time 1.62 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8946 (9.7873)
Epoch:[1609][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5720 (9.7514)
Epoch:[1609][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9553 (9.7805)
Epoch:[1609][ 7/18]	Time 2.09 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7764 (9.7800)
Epoch:[1609][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4773 (9.7464)
Epoch:[1609][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2317 (9.7949)
Epoch:[1609][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9271 (9.8069)
Epoch:[1609][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9102 (9.7322)
Epoch:[1609][12/18]	Time 2.19 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3949 (9.7832)
Epoch:[1609][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3619 (9.7531)
Epoch:[1609][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0731 (9.7744)
Epoch:[1609][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7990 (9.7760)
Epoch:[1609][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4764 (9.7583)
Epoch:[1609][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5370 (9.7460)
epoch 1609 finished, takes 33.22223782539368 seconds
Epoch:[1610][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3785 (10.3785)
Epoch:[1610][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6439 (10.0112)
Epoch:[1610][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0642 (10.0289)
Epoch:[1610][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8392 (9.9814)
Epoch:[1610][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5326 (9.8917)
Epoch:[1610][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1087 (9.9279)
Epoch:[1610][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5555 (9.8747)
Epoch:[1610][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8501 (9.8716)
Epoch:[1610][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7718 (9.8605)
Epoch:[1610][ 9/18]	Time 2.51 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7415 (9.8486)
Epoch:[1610][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1910 (9.7888)
Epoch:[1610][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7165 (9.7828)
Epoch:[1610][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0065 (9.8000)
Epoch:[1610][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6273 (9.7877)
Epoch:[1610][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0242 (9.8034)
Epoch:[1610][15/18]	Time 1.64 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7175 (9.7981)
Epoch:[1610][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6210 (9.7876)
Epoch:[1610][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3977 (9.7660)
epoch 1610 finished, takes 34.42510962486267 seconds
Epoch:[1611][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3580 (10.3580)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5618273078016761  precision:  0.6074152401787735  f1:  0.50980766104526 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.7354119  0.74607535 0.19843646 0.14014698]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7497202960168696  precision:  0.7687772370857681  f1:  0.751162463850336 perclass recall:  [0.95265888 0.61875    0.79910714 0.75056689 0.69113924 0.70761671
 0.76493256 0.71299094]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7077190519368973  precision:  0.7113046557908304  f1:  0.6965711322232186 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96399457 0.96899225 0.42366412 0.9030303  0.53411911]
Epoch:[1611][ 1/18]	Time 12.36 (7.11)	Data 10.50 (5.25)	Loss 9.6155 (9.9867)
Epoch:[1611][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (5.32)	Data 0.00 (3.50)	Loss 9.5121 (9.8285)
Epoch:[1611][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (4.47)	Data 0.00 (2.63)	Loss 9.7169 (9.8006)
Epoch:[1611][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (3.97)	Data 0.00 (2.10)	Loss 9.6446 (9.7694)
Epoch:[1611][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (3.60)	Data 0.00 (1.75)	Loss 10.1949 (9.8403)
Epoch:[1611][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (3.37)	Data 0.00 (1.50)	Loss 9.6610 (9.8147)
Epoch:[1611][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (3.17)	Data 0.00 (1.31)	Loss 10.1321 (9.8544)
Epoch:[1611][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (3.03)	Data 0.00 (1.17)	Loss 9.8679 (9.8559)
Epoch:[1611][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (2.91)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 9.8820 (9.8585)
Epoch:[1611][10/18]	Time 1.86 (2.82)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 9.5477 (9.8302)
Epoch:[1611][11/18]	Time 2.23 (2.77)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 9.6864 (9.8182)
Epoch:[1611][12/18]	Time 1.82 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 9.9929 (9.8317)
Epoch:[1611][13/18]	Time 1.90 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.8334 (9.8318)
Epoch:[1611][14/18]	Time 1.76 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.2301 (9.7917)
Epoch:[1611][15/18]	Time 1.91 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.5752 (9.7782)
Epoch:[1611][16/18]	Time 2.17 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.5552 (9.7650)
Epoch:[1611][17/18]	Time 1.98 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 10.4358 (9.8023)
epoch 1611 finished, takes 44.75074076652527 seconds
Epoch:[1612][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5950 (9.5950)
Epoch:[1612][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1974 (9.8962)
Epoch:[1612][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8366 (9.8763)
Epoch:[1612][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6282 (9.8143)
Epoch:[1612][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4752 (9.7465)
Epoch:[1612][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6766 (9.7348)
Epoch:[1612][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9742 (9.7690)
Epoch:[1612][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9250 (9.7885)
Epoch:[1612][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6256 (9.7704)
Epoch:[1612][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2859 (9.7220)
Epoch:[1612][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3564 (9.6887)
Epoch:[1612][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0829 (9.7216)
Epoch:[1612][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6660 (9.7173)
Epoch:[1612][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8547 (9.7271)
Epoch:[1612][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7383 (9.7279)
Epoch:[1612][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9382 (9.7410)
Epoch:[1612][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8705 (9.7486)
Epoch:[1612][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6747 (9.7445)
epoch 1612 finished, takes 33.71355724334717 seconds
Epoch:[1613][ 0/18]	Time 2.18 (2.18)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0401 (10.0401)
Epoch:[1613][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7701 (9.9051)
Epoch:[1613][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2714 (9.6939)
Epoch:[1613][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3493 (9.6077)
Epoch:[1613][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4128 (9.5687)
Epoch:[1613][ 5/18]	Time 2.24 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7849 (9.6048)
Epoch:[1613][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8691 (9.6425)
Epoch:[1613][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3429 (9.6051)
Epoch:[1613][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7487 (9.6210)
Epoch:[1613][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7995 (9.6389)
Epoch:[1613][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5355 (9.6295)
Epoch:[1613][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0087 (9.6611)
Epoch:[1613][12/18]	Time 1.62 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1882 (9.6247)
Epoch:[1613][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9007 (9.6444)
Epoch:[1613][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6173 (9.6426)
Epoch:[1613][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2255 (9.6165)
Epoch:[1613][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9740 (9.6376)
Epoch:[1613][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7510 (9.6439)
epoch 1613 finished, takes 34.295610666275024 seconds
Epoch:[1614][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6862 (9.6862)
Epoch:[1614][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1669 (9.9265)
Epoch:[1614][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5359 (9.7963)
Epoch:[1614][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6530 (9.7605)
Epoch:[1614][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0869 (9.6258)
Epoch:[1614][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6824 (9.6352)
Epoch:[1614][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3805 (9.5988)
Epoch:[1614][ 7/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7194 (9.6139)
Epoch:[1614][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1200 (9.6701)
Epoch:[1614][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9061 (9.6937)
Epoch:[1614][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7436 (9.6983)
Epoch:[1614][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5200 (9.6834)
Epoch:[1614][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5547 (9.6735)
Epoch:[1614][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5728 (9.6663)
Epoch:[1614][14/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7757 (9.6736)
Epoch:[1614][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8780 (9.6864)
Epoch:[1614][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3727 (9.6679)
Epoch:[1614][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6220 (9.6654)
epoch 1614 finished, takes 33.56265091896057 seconds
Epoch:[1615][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4039 (9.4039)
Epoch:[1615][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6752 (9.5396)
Epoch:[1615][ 2/18]	Time 1.58 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6661 (9.5817)
Epoch:[1615][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6030 (9.5870)
Epoch:[1615][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8859 (9.6468)
Epoch:[1615][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5167 (9.6251)
Epoch:[1615][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6579 (9.6298)
Epoch:[1615][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5485 (9.6196)
Epoch:[1615][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4094 (9.5963)
Epoch:[1615][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8637 (9.6230)
Epoch:[1615][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6438 (9.6249)
Epoch:[1615][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7032 (9.6314)
Epoch:[1615][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2191 (9.6766)
Epoch:[1615][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8523 (9.6892)
Epoch:[1615][14/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2502 (9.6599)
Epoch:[1615][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7861 (9.6678)
Epoch:[1615][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5410 (9.6603)
Epoch:[1615][17/18]	Time 1.54 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9714 (9.6221)
epoch 1615 finished, takes 33.71240282058716 seconds
Epoch:[1616][ 0/18]	Time 2.12 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2353 (10.2353)
Epoch:[1616][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6982 (9.9668)
Epoch:[1616][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.96)	Data 0.01 (0.00)	Loss 9.9660 (9.9665)
Epoch:[1616][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2243 (10.0310)
Epoch:[1616][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6642 (9.9576)
Epoch:[1616][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4589 (9.8745)
Epoch:[1616][ 6/18]	Time 2.17 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5105 (9.8225)
Epoch:[1616][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0258 (9.8479)
Epoch:[1616][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6066 (9.8211)
Epoch:[1616][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7214 (9.8111)
Epoch:[1616][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2444 (9.8505)
Epoch:[1616][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8476 (9.8503)
Epoch:[1616][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0920 (9.7919)
Epoch:[1616][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6127 (9.7791)
Epoch:[1616][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8405 (9.7832)
Epoch:[1616][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4513 (9.7625)
Epoch:[1616][16/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6221 (9.7542)
Epoch:[1616][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7273 (9.7527)
epoch 1616 finished, takes 33.98142337799072 seconds
Epoch:[1617][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3812 (10.3812)
Epoch:[1617][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5765 (9.9789)
Epoch:[1617][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5661 (9.8413)
Epoch:[1617][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3790 (9.7257)
Epoch:[1617][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9922 (9.7790)
Epoch:[1617][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9261 (9.8035)
Epoch:[1617][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2669 (9.7269)
Epoch:[1617][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3370 (9.6781)
Epoch:[1617][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2863 (9.7457)
Epoch:[1617][ 9/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5794 (9.7291)
Epoch:[1617][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7603 (9.7319)
Epoch:[1617][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7236 (9.7312)
Epoch:[1617][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1646 (9.7646)
Epoch:[1617][13/18]	Time 2.23 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0411 (9.7843)
Epoch:[1617][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5296 (9.7673)
Epoch:[1617][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6421 (9.7595)
Epoch:[1617][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8514 (9.7649)
Epoch:[1617][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2891 (9.7385)
epoch 1617 finished, takes 35.00863242149353 seconds
Epoch:[1618][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4043 (9.4043)
Epoch:[1618][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4264 (9.4154)
Epoch:[1618][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6203 (9.4837)
Epoch:[1618][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1118 (9.3907)
Epoch:[1618][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9402 (9.5006)
Epoch:[1618][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1252 (9.6047)
Epoch:[1618][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2741 (9.5575)
Epoch:[1618][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0136 (9.4895)
Epoch:[1618][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4777 (9.4882)
Epoch:[1618][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8277 (9.5221)
Epoch:[1618][10/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6653 (9.5351)
Epoch:[1618][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5096 (9.5330)
Epoch:[1618][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9014 (9.5613)
Epoch:[1618][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3497 (9.5462)
Epoch:[1618][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6245 (9.5514)
Epoch:[1618][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5901 (9.5539)
Epoch:[1618][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8810 (9.5731)
Epoch:[1618][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4721 (9.5675)
epoch 1618 finished, takes 34.37755346298218 seconds
Epoch:[1619][ 0/18]	Time 1.68 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7898 (9.7898)
Epoch:[1619][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1235 (9.4567)
Epoch:[1619][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6129 (9.5088)
Epoch:[1619][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8567 (9.5957)
Epoch:[1619][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3788 (9.7524)
Epoch:[1619][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8599 (9.7703)
Epoch:[1619][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4634 (9.7264)
Epoch:[1619][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7538 (9.7299)
Epoch:[1619][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0591 (9.7665)
Epoch:[1619][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5425 (9.7441)
Epoch:[1619][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5388 (9.7254)
Epoch:[1619][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6812 (9.7217)
Epoch:[1619][12/18]	Time 2.15 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1335 (9.6765)
Epoch:[1619][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9091 (9.6931)
Epoch:[1619][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8093 (9.7008)
Epoch:[1619][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8963 (9.7130)
Epoch:[1619][16/18]	Time 1.51 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5547 (9.7037)
Epoch:[1619][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8422 (9.7114)
epoch 1619 finished, takes 34.06899333000183 seconds
Epoch:[1620][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9847 (9.9847)
Epoch:[1620][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3426 (9.6637)
Epoch:[1620][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0436 (9.7903)
Epoch:[1620][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7166 (9.7719)
Epoch:[1620][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4709 (9.7117)
Epoch:[1620][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0304 (9.7648)
Epoch:[1620][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9318 (9.7887)
Epoch:[1620][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7964 (9.7896)
Epoch:[1620][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2429 (9.8400)
Epoch:[1620][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9295 (9.8489)
Epoch:[1620][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4582 (9.8134)
Epoch:[1620][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2107 (9.8465)
Epoch:[1620][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9202 (9.8522)
Epoch:[1620][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7009 (9.8414)
Epoch:[1620][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8176 (9.8398)
Epoch:[1620][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4190 (9.8135)
Epoch:[1620][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6984 (9.8067)
Epoch:[1620][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8143 (9.8072)
epoch 1620 finished, takes 33.03545355796814 seconds
Epoch:[1621][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2382 (9.2382)
Epoch:[1621][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8830 (9.5606)
Epoch:[1621][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6840 (9.6018)
Epoch:[1621][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7239 (9.6323)
Epoch:[1621][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7418 (9.6542)
Epoch:[1621][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3247 (9.7659)
Epoch:[1621][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8388 (9.7763)
Epoch:[1621][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8544 (9.7861)
Epoch:[1621][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6928 (9.7757)
Epoch:[1621][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5312 (9.7513)
Epoch:[1621][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9773 (9.7718)
Epoch:[1621][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4794 (9.7475)
Epoch:[1621][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8151 (9.7527)
Epoch:[1621][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4004 (9.7275)
Epoch:[1621][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4996 (9.7123)
Epoch:[1621][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8290 (9.7196)
Epoch:[1621][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5452 (9.7093)
Epoch:[1621][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6863 (9.7081)
epoch 1621 finished, takes 34.71683430671692 seconds
Epoch:[1622][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5008 (9.5008)
Epoch:[1622][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3737 (9.4373)
Epoch:[1622][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5736 (9.4827)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5619920532129179  precision:  0.608173084883609  f1:  0.509326857497355 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.73712815 0.74843014 0.19843646 0.13689968]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7504702893957147  precision:  0.7696404457845774  f1:  0.7524126622742762 perclass recall:  [0.95654994 0.62916667 0.79464286 0.75283447 0.6835443  0.70515971
 0.76685934 0.71500504]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7071438697253863  precision:  0.7094180556167698  f1:  0.6955826852926908 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96399457 0.96899225 0.42366412 0.90454545 0.53473945]
Epoch:[1622][ 3/18]	Time 12.58 (4.57)	Data 10.80 (2.70)	Loss 9.3991 (9.4618)
Epoch:[1622][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (4.01)	Data 0.00 (2.16)	Loss 9.3661 (9.4427)
Epoch:[1622][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (3.65)	Data 0.00 (1.80)	Loss 9.8851 (9.5164)
Epoch:[1622][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (3.38)	Data 0.00 (1.54)	Loss 9.9582 (9.5795)
Epoch:[1622][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (3.17)	Data 0.00 (1.35)	Loss 9.8707 (9.6159)
Epoch:[1622][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (3.05)	Data 0.00 (1.20)	Loss 9.9695 (9.6552)
Epoch:[1622][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (2.92)	Data 0.00 (1.08)	Loss 10.0471 (9.6944)
Epoch:[1622][10/18]	Time 1.61 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.98)	Loss 9.5874 (9.6847)
Epoch:[1622][11/18]	Time 1.80 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.90)	Loss 9.5774 (9.6757)
Epoch:[1622][12/18]	Time 1.70 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.83)	Loss 9.3053 (9.6472)
Epoch:[1622][13/18]	Time 1.80 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 9.7788 (9.6566)
Epoch:[1622][14/18]	Time 1.72 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 9.7488 (9.6628)
Epoch:[1622][15/18]	Time 2.13 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 9.5162 (9.6536)
Epoch:[1622][16/18]	Time 1.85 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.7023 (9.6565)
Epoch:[1622][17/18]	Time 1.84 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 9.6063 (9.6537)
epoch 1622 finished, takes 43.624971866607666 seconds
Epoch:[1623][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1038 (10.1038)
Epoch:[1623][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4068 (9.7553)
Epoch:[1623][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1731 (9.8946)
Epoch:[1623][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3715 (9.7638)
Epoch:[1623][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9547 (9.8020)
Epoch:[1623][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4466 (9.7428)
Epoch:[1623][ 6/18]	Time 1.58 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2044 (9.8087)
Epoch:[1623][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1305 (9.7239)
Epoch:[1623][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3970 (9.6876)
Epoch:[1623][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0296 (9.7218)
Epoch:[1623][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5092 (9.7025)
Epoch:[1623][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5414 (9.6891)
Epoch:[1623][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4336 (9.6694)
Epoch:[1623][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5389 (9.6601)
Epoch:[1623][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9561 (9.6132)
Epoch:[1623][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5499 (9.6092)
Epoch:[1623][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2591 (9.5886)
Epoch:[1623][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1889 (9.6220)
epoch 1623 finished, takes 33.026421308517456 seconds
Epoch:[1624][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7261 (9.7261)
Epoch:[1624][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6085 (9.6673)
Epoch:[1624][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7508 (9.6951)
Epoch:[1624][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5927 (9.6695)
Epoch:[1624][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3581 (9.6072)
Epoch:[1624][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3086 (9.5575)
Epoch:[1624][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6259 (9.5672)
Epoch:[1624][ 7/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5627 (9.5667)
Epoch:[1624][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7193 (9.5836)
Epoch:[1624][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5756 (9.5828)
Epoch:[1624][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1824 (9.6373)
Epoch:[1624][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0084 (9.6682)
Epoch:[1624][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1772 (9.7074)
Epoch:[1624][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4581 (9.6896)
Epoch:[1624][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4857 (9.6760)
Epoch:[1624][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6912 (9.6770)
Epoch:[1624][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6094 (9.6730)
Epoch:[1624][17/18]	Time 2.19 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4828 (9.6624)
epoch 1624 finished, takes 33.91663599014282 seconds
Epoch:[1625][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4039 (9.4039)
Epoch:[1625][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1711 (9.7875)
Epoch:[1625][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3866 (9.9872)
Epoch:[1625][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5814 (9.8858)
Epoch:[1625][ 4/18]	Time 2.35 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2197 (9.9526)
Epoch:[1625][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.01 (0.00)	Loss 9.3951 (9.8597)
Epoch:[1625][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1709 (9.7613)
Epoch:[1625][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8342 (9.7704)
Epoch:[1625][ 8/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5992 (9.7514)
Epoch:[1625][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4114 (9.7174)
Epoch:[1625][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3997 (9.6885)
Epoch:[1625][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4679 (9.6701)
Epoch:[1625][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0314 (9.6979)
Epoch:[1625][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6427 (9.6940)
Epoch:[1625][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9831 (9.7132)
Epoch:[1625][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6407 (9.7087)
Epoch:[1625][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3723 (9.6889)
Epoch:[1625][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2954 (9.6670)
epoch 1625 finished, takes 33.13335371017456 seconds
Epoch:[1626][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6646 (9.6646)
Epoch:[1626][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6372 (9.6509)
Epoch:[1626][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5252 (9.6090)
Epoch:[1626][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9065 (9.6834)
Epoch:[1626][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4928 (9.6453)
Epoch:[1626][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9957 (9.7037)
Epoch:[1626][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6146 (9.6910)
Epoch:[1626][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1027 (9.6174)
Epoch:[1626][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4324 (9.5969)
Epoch:[1626][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1597 (9.6532)
Epoch:[1626][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6769 (9.6553)
Epoch:[1626][11/18]	Time 2.23 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6555 (9.6553)
Epoch:[1626][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7079 (9.6594)
Epoch:[1626][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7100 (9.6630)
Epoch:[1626][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5309 (9.6542)
Epoch:[1626][15/18]	Time 1.62 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0023 (9.6759)
Epoch:[1626][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0150 (9.6959)
Epoch:[1626][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7278 (9.6977)
epoch 1626 finished, takes 34.63405966758728 seconds
Epoch:[1627][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4428 (9.4428)
Epoch:[1627][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6687 (9.5558)
Epoch:[1627][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9901 (9.7006)
Epoch:[1627][ 3/18]	Time 2.23 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4774 (9.6448)
Epoch:[1627][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6960 (9.6550)
Epoch:[1627][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6534 (9.6547)
Epoch:[1627][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3866 (9.6164)
Epoch:[1627][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8604 (9.6469)
Epoch:[1627][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0394 (9.6905)
Epoch:[1627][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4341 (9.6649)
Epoch:[1627][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6501 (9.6635)
Epoch:[1627][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6230 (9.6602)
Epoch:[1627][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8191 (9.6724)
Epoch:[1627][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2632 (9.6432)
Epoch:[1627][14/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6207 (9.6417)
Epoch:[1627][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9418 (9.6604)
Epoch:[1627][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5054 (9.6513)
Epoch:[1627][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6899 (9.6534)
epoch 1627 finished, takes 34.36803150177002 seconds
Epoch:[1628][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3076 (9.3076)
Epoch:[1628][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6444 (9.4760)
Epoch:[1628][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7455 (9.5658)
Epoch:[1628][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7562 (9.6134)
Epoch:[1628][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5392 (9.5986)
Epoch:[1628][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8370 (9.6383)
Epoch:[1628][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9736 (9.6862)
Epoch:[1628][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7322 (9.6920)
Epoch:[1628][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0072 (9.7270)
Epoch:[1628][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8213 (9.7364)
Epoch:[1628][10/18]	Time 2.22 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6419 (9.7278)
Epoch:[1628][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6701 (9.7230)
Epoch:[1628][12/18]	Time 1.61 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0218 (9.6691)
Epoch:[1628][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5027 (9.6572)
Epoch:[1628][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5920 (9.6528)
Epoch:[1628][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8785 (9.6670)
Epoch:[1628][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3302 (9.6471)
Epoch:[1628][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2055 (9.6226)
epoch 1628 finished, takes 33.56762385368347 seconds
Epoch:[1629][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6501 (9.6501)
Epoch:[1629][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0566 (9.8534)
Epoch:[1629][ 2/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6218 (9.7762)
Epoch:[1629][ 3/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8621 (9.7977)
Epoch:[1629][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7662 (9.7914)
Epoch:[1629][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7429 (9.7833)
Epoch:[1629][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5717 (9.7531)
Epoch:[1629][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5276 (9.7249)
Epoch:[1629][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5648 (9.7071)
Epoch:[1629][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7694 (9.7133)
Epoch:[1629][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2886 (9.6747)
Epoch:[1629][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9054 (9.6939)
Epoch:[1629][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5816 (9.6853)
Epoch:[1629][13/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5403 (9.6749)
Epoch:[1629][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2953 (9.6496)
Epoch:[1629][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7246 (9.6543)
Epoch:[1629][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4529 (9.6425)
Epoch:[1629][17/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9947 (9.6620)
epoch 1629 finished, takes 34.27431535720825 seconds
Epoch:[1630][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4503 (9.4503)
Epoch:[1630][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8860 (9.6681)
Epoch:[1630][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9208 (9.7523)
Epoch:[1630][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0809 (9.8345)
Epoch:[1630][ 4/18]	Time 2.18 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7405 (9.8157)
Epoch:[1630][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1430 (9.7036)
Epoch:[1630][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8670 (9.7269)
Epoch:[1630][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9625 (9.7564)
Epoch:[1630][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8632 (9.7682)
Epoch:[1630][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4738 (9.7388)
Epoch:[1630][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8846 (9.7520)
Epoch:[1630][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9329 (9.7671)
Epoch:[1630][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4290 (9.7411)
Epoch:[1630][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6147 (9.7321)
Epoch:[1630][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6127 (9.7241)
Epoch:[1630][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5859 (9.7155)
Epoch:[1630][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9850 (9.7313)
Epoch:[1630][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4853 (9.7177)
epoch 1630 finished, takes 34.24738311767578 seconds
Epoch:[1631][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8305 (9.8305)
Epoch:[1631][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3503 (9.5904)
Epoch:[1631][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0140 (9.7316)
Epoch:[1631][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6193 (9.7035)
Epoch:[1631][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5282 (9.6685)
Epoch:[1631][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9748 (9.7195)
Epoch:[1631][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5994 (9.7024)
Epoch:[1631][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6846 (9.7001)
Epoch:[1631][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5381 (9.6821)
Epoch:[1631][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4448 (9.6584)
Epoch:[1631][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2413 (9.6205)
Epoch:[1631][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3181 (9.5953)
Epoch:[1631][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4728 (9.5859)
Epoch:[1631][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8184 (9.6025)
Epoch:[1631][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4742 (9.5939)
Epoch:[1631][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0538 (9.6227)
Epoch:[1631][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3200 (9.6049)
Epoch:[1631][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0443 (9.6293)
epoch 1631 finished, takes 34.80023193359375 seconds
Epoch:[1632][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2045 (9.2045)
Epoch:[1632][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0036 (9.6040)
Epoch:[1632][ 2/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0969 (9.7683)
Epoch:[1632][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8529 (9.7895)
Epoch:[1632][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9185 (9.8153)
Epoch:[1632][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5175 (9.9323)
Epoch:[1632][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9525 (9.9352)
Epoch:[1632][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1138 (9.8325)
Epoch:[1632][ 8/18]	Time 2.23 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9185 (9.8421)
Epoch:[1632][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8593 (9.8438)
Epoch:[1632][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7525 (9.8355)
Epoch:[1632][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9163 (9.8422)
Epoch:[1632][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6620 (9.8284)
Epoch:[1632][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4844 (9.8038)
Epoch:[1632][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9648 (9.8145)
Epoch:[1632][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8460 (9.8165)
Epoch:[1632][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0773 (9.7730)
Epoch:[1632][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3173 (9.7477)
epoch 1632 finished, takes 33.76175403594971 seconds
Epoch:[1633][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8983 (9.8983)
Epoch:[1633][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2067 (10.0525)
Epoch:[1633][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7346 (9.9465)
Epoch:[1633][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7475 (9.8968)
Epoch:[1633][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6589 (9.8492)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5628818295751652  precision:  0.6107001138344007  f1:  0.5106384140712105 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.7395595  0.74607535 0.19860279 0.14134336]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7486401403415752  precision:  0.7673564840112623  f1:  0.7509152954057636 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.61458333 0.79910714 0.75963719 0.67848101 0.69041769
 0.76878613 0.71701913]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7076827211322992  precision:  0.7089340229018335  f1:  0.6952971936703878 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96535326 0.96899225 0.42557252 0.90606061 0.53039702]
Epoch:[1633][ 5/18]	Time 12.71 (3.69)	Data 10.64 (1.77)	Loss 9.6305 (9.8128)
Epoch:[1633][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (3.44)	Data 0.00 (1.52)	Loss 9.5015 (9.7683)
Epoch:[1633][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (3.23)	Data 0.00 (1.33)	Loss 10.0766 (9.8068)
Epoch:[1633][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (3.07)	Data 0.00 (1.18)	Loss 9.3091 (9.7515)
Epoch:[1633][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (2.94)	Data 0.00 (1.07)	Loss 10.2459 (9.8010)
Epoch:[1633][10/18]	Time 1.99 (2.86)	Data 0.00 (0.97)	Loss 9.6563 (9.7878)
Epoch:[1633][11/18]	Time 1.97 (2.78)	Data 0.00 (0.89)	Loss 10.0786 (9.8120)
Epoch:[1633][12/18]	Time 1.77 (2.70)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 9.5866 (9.7947)
Epoch:[1633][13/18]	Time 1.86 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 9.3686 (9.7643)
Epoch:[1633][14/18]	Time 2.06 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 9.5804 (9.7520)
Epoch:[1633][15/18]	Time 1.94 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 9.6859 (9.7479)
Epoch:[1633][16/18]	Time 1.98 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 10.0702 (9.7668)
Epoch:[1633][17/18]	Time 1.92 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 10.0855 (9.7845)
epoch 1633 finished, takes 44.911298751831055 seconds
Epoch:[1634][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4636 (9.4636)
Epoch:[1634][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4296 (9.4466)
Epoch:[1634][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6430 (9.5121)
Epoch:[1634][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7180 (9.5636)
Epoch:[1634][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9750 (9.6459)
Epoch:[1634][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7105 (9.6566)
Epoch:[1634][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6600 (9.6571)
Epoch:[1634][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2157 (9.6019)
Epoch:[1634][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5495 (9.5961)
Epoch:[1634][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3898 (9.5755)
Epoch:[1634][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7572 (9.5920)
Epoch:[1634][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6168 (9.5941)
Epoch:[1634][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5917 (9.5939)
Epoch:[1634][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6262 (9.5962)
Epoch:[1634][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6574 (9.6003)
Epoch:[1634][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8421 (9.6154)
Epoch:[1634][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4319 (9.6046)
Epoch:[1634][17/18]	Time 2.30 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4906 (9.5983)
epoch 1634 finished, takes 33.92853546142578 seconds
Epoch:[1635][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1324 (9.1324)
Epoch:[1635][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8471 (9.4897)
Epoch:[1635][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7582 (9.5792)
Epoch:[1635][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6548 (9.5981)
Epoch:[1635][ 4/18]	Time 2.20 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4750 (9.5735)
Epoch:[1635][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3123 (9.5300)
Epoch:[1635][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0468 (9.6038)
Epoch:[1635][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4461 (9.5841)
Epoch:[1635][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7300 (9.6003)
Epoch:[1635][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7697 (9.6172)
Epoch:[1635][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0173 (9.6536)
Epoch:[1635][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6826 (9.6560)
Epoch:[1635][12/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5468 (9.6476)
Epoch:[1635][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0673 (9.6776)
Epoch:[1635][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9310 (9.6945)
Epoch:[1635][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1636 (9.6613)
Epoch:[1635][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6811 (9.6625)
Epoch:[1635][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5543 (9.6565)
epoch 1635 finished, takes 33.7378625869751 seconds
Epoch:[1636][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7422 (9.7422)
Epoch:[1636][ 1/18]	Time 2.28 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7137 (9.7279)
Epoch:[1636][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8368 (9.7642)
Epoch:[1636][ 3/18]	Time 1.60 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2869 (9.6449)
Epoch:[1636][ 4/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6915 (9.6542)
Epoch:[1636][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6111 (9.6470)
Epoch:[1636][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5552 (9.6339)
Epoch:[1636][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5042 (9.6177)
Epoch:[1636][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7155 (9.6286)
Epoch:[1636][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5848 (9.6242)
Epoch:[1636][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4656 (9.6098)
Epoch:[1636][11/18]	Time 2.31 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6816 (9.6158)
Epoch:[1636][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4960 (9.6065)
Epoch:[1636][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2071 (9.5780)
Epoch:[1636][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5744 (9.5778)
Epoch:[1636][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5681 (9.5772)
Epoch:[1636][16/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8802 (9.5950)
Epoch:[1636][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9796 (9.6164)
epoch 1636 finished, takes 33.953213691711426 seconds
Epoch:[1637][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5487 (9.5487)
Epoch:[1637][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6336 (9.5912)
Epoch:[1637][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9147 (9.6990)
Epoch:[1637][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4760 (9.6433)
Epoch:[1637][ 4/18]	Time 1.63 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8066 (9.6759)
Epoch:[1637][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4803 (9.6433)
Epoch:[1637][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9821 (9.6917)
Epoch:[1637][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2482 (9.6363)
Epoch:[1637][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9008 (9.6657)
Epoch:[1637][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9869 (9.6978)
Epoch:[1637][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3386 (9.6651)
Epoch:[1637][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7097 (9.6689)
Epoch:[1637][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5611 (9.6606)
Epoch:[1637][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4058 (9.6424)
Epoch:[1637][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2884 (9.6188)
Epoch:[1637][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8157 (9.6311)
Epoch:[1637][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5107 (9.6828)
Epoch:[1637][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4368 (9.6692)
epoch 1637 finished, takes 33.41978979110718 seconds
Epoch:[1638][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4197 (9.4197)
Epoch:[1638][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6911 (9.5554)
Epoch:[1638][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6535 (9.5881)
Epoch:[1638][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5814 (9.5864)
Epoch:[1638][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0815 (9.6854)
Epoch:[1638][ 5/18]	Time 2.21 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6745 (9.6836)
Epoch:[1638][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5663 (9.6669)
Epoch:[1638][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5810 (9.6561)
Epoch:[1638][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5780 (9.6474)
Epoch:[1638][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4612 (9.6288)
Epoch:[1638][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0297 (9.6653)
Epoch:[1638][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4710 (9.6491)
Epoch:[1638][12/18]	Time 1.61 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6638 (9.6502)
Epoch:[1638][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7133 (9.6547)
Epoch:[1638][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4554 (9.6414)
Epoch:[1638][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0262 (9.6655)
Epoch:[1638][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0920 (9.6906)
Epoch:[1638][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7755 (9.6953)
epoch 1638 finished, takes 34.25115132331848 seconds
Epoch:[1639][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8240 (9.8240)
Epoch:[1639][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0802 (9.4521)
Epoch:[1639][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8732 (9.5925)
Epoch:[1639][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5227 (9.5750)
Epoch:[1639][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4752 (9.5551)
Epoch:[1639][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3933 (9.5281)
Epoch:[1639][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2118 (9.6258)
Epoch:[1639][ 7/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4357 (9.6020)
Epoch:[1639][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5055 (9.5913)
Epoch:[1639][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9228 (9.6244)
Epoch:[1639][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7979 (9.6402)
Epoch:[1639][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3385 (9.6151)
Epoch:[1639][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4900 (9.6055)
Epoch:[1639][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6004 (9.6051)
Epoch:[1639][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1487 (9.6413)
Epoch:[1639][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3488 (9.6231)
Epoch:[1639][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5982 (9.6216)
Epoch:[1639][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0591 (9.5903)
epoch 1639 finished, takes 33.86928200721741 seconds
Epoch:[1640][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7744 (9.7744)
Epoch:[1640][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6561 (9.7153)
Epoch:[1640][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2909 (9.5738)
Epoch:[1640][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6952 (9.6042)
Epoch:[1640][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5732 (9.5980)
Epoch:[1640][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4193 (9.5682)
Epoch:[1640][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4653 (9.6964)
Epoch:[1640][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4152 (9.6612)
Epoch:[1640][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7567 (9.6718)
Epoch:[1640][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4268 (9.6473)
Epoch:[1640][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6747 (9.6498)
Epoch:[1640][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7283 (9.6563)
Epoch:[1640][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7713 (9.6652)
Epoch:[1640][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5087 (9.6540)
Epoch:[1640][14/18]	Time 2.33 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8745 (9.6687)
Epoch:[1640][15/18]	Time 1.59 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4296 (9.6538)
Epoch:[1640][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0310 (9.6760)
Epoch:[1640][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5170 (9.6671)
epoch 1640 finished, takes 33.513447284698486 seconds
Epoch:[1641][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8263 (9.8263)
Epoch:[1641][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6358 (9.7310)
Epoch:[1641][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6547 (9.7056)
Epoch:[1641][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6988 (9.4539)
Epoch:[1641][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7186 (9.5068)
Epoch:[1641][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6917 (9.5376)
Epoch:[1641][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6407 (9.5524)
Epoch:[1641][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7119 (9.5723)
Epoch:[1641][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6359 (9.5794)
Epoch:[1641][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6309 (9.5845)
Epoch:[1641][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6814 (9.5933)
Epoch:[1641][11/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9552 (9.6235)
Epoch:[1641][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4796 (9.6124)
Epoch:[1641][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7102 (9.6194)
Epoch:[1641][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6170 (9.6192)
Epoch:[1641][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8703 (9.6349)
Epoch:[1641][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7851 (9.6438)
Epoch:[1641][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6467 (9.6439)
epoch 1641 finished, takes 33.59018898010254 seconds
Epoch:[1642][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7947 (8.7947)
Epoch:[1642][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3608 (9.0777)
Epoch:[1642][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8951 (9.3502)
Epoch:[1642][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0415 (9.5230)
Epoch:[1642][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4831 (9.5150)
Epoch:[1642][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4560 (9.5052)
Epoch:[1642][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8231 (9.5506)
Epoch:[1642][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6735 (9.5660)
Epoch:[1642][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4783 (9.5562)
Epoch:[1642][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5142 (9.5520)
Epoch:[1642][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4481 (9.5426)
Epoch:[1642][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6678 (9.5530)
Epoch:[1642][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1035 (9.5954)
Epoch:[1642][13/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7712 (9.6079)
Epoch:[1642][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8505 (9.6241)
Epoch:[1642][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7360 (9.6311)
Epoch:[1642][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7057 (9.6355)
Epoch:[1642][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7126 (9.6398)
epoch 1642 finished, takes 33.85651731491089 seconds
Epoch:[1643][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1037 (10.1037)
Epoch:[1643][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3913 (9.7475)
Epoch:[1643][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2989 (9.5980)
Epoch:[1643][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9201 (9.6785)
Epoch:[1643][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0493 (9.7527)
Epoch:[1643][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9587 (9.6203)
Epoch:[1643][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6579 (9.6257)
Epoch:[1643][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5428 (9.6153)
Epoch:[1643][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0065 (9.6588)
Epoch:[1643][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3003 (9.7229)
Epoch:[1643][10/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4883 (9.7016)
Epoch:[1643][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3407 (9.6715)
Epoch:[1643][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3811 (9.6492)
Epoch:[1643][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7903 (9.6593)
Epoch:[1643][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1001 (9.6220)
Epoch:[1643][15/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7955 (9.6328)
Epoch:[1643][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5022 (9.6252)
Epoch:[1643][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5310 (9.6199)
epoch 1643 finished, takes 33.604578256607056 seconds
Epoch:[1644][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6795 (9.6795)
Epoch:[1644][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4458 (9.5626)
Epoch:[1644][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7277 (9.6177)
Epoch:[1644][ 3/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6294 (9.6206)
Epoch:[1644][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6880 (9.6341)
Epoch:[1644][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7476 (9.6530)
Epoch:[1644][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4774 (9.6279)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5601575808276287  precision:  0.6083454364213216  f1:  0.5061309366133873 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74041762 0.74607535 0.18928809 0.1357033 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7483251910117334  precision:  0.7678784418513849  f1:  0.7500228958236563 perclass recall:  [0.95784695 0.62083333 0.79910714 0.76643991 0.66835443 0.70515971
 0.76493256 0.70392749]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7059110673967952  precision:  0.7069475162160853  f1:  0.6936498102027185 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96399457 0.96899225 0.42557252 0.90454545 0.52543424]
Epoch:[1644][ 7/18]	Time 12.80 (3.25)	Data 10.74 (1.34)	Loss 9.2128 (9.5760)
Epoch:[1644][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (3.09)	Data 0.00 (1.19)	Loss 9.5932 (9.5779)
Epoch:[1644][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (2.95)	Data 0.00 (1.07)	Loss 10.1501 (9.6351)
Epoch:[1644][10/18]	Time 1.73 (2.84)	Data 0.00 (0.98)	Loss 9.1754 (9.5933)
Epoch:[1644][11/18]	Time 1.93 (2.76)	Data 0.00 (0.90)	Loss 9.8723 (9.6166)
Epoch:[1644][12/18]	Time 2.03 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.83)	Loss 9.7198 (9.6245)
Epoch:[1644][13/18]	Time 1.93 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 10.0271 (9.6533)
Epoch:[1644][14/18]	Time 1.84 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 9.8336 (9.6653)
Epoch:[1644][15/18]	Time 1.82 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 9.5592 (9.6587)
Epoch:[1644][16/18]	Time 1.72 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 9.3086 (9.6381)
Epoch:[1644][17/18]	Time 2.08 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 9.3083 (9.6198)
epoch 1644 finished, takes 44.56144976615906 seconds
Epoch:[1645][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5961 (9.5961)
Epoch:[1645][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4425 (9.5193)
Epoch:[1645][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9724 (9.6703)
Epoch:[1645][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3291 (9.5850)
Epoch:[1645][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0093 (9.6699)
Epoch:[1645][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0204 (9.7283)
Epoch:[1645][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8241 (9.7420)
Epoch:[1645][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6097 (9.7254)
Epoch:[1645][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7336 (9.7264)
Epoch:[1645][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5755 (9.7113)
Epoch:[1645][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4724 (9.6896)
Epoch:[1645][11/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8205 (9.7005)
Epoch:[1645][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0682 (9.7288)
Epoch:[1645][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5269 (9.7143)
Epoch:[1645][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4093 (9.6940)
Epoch:[1645][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6734 (9.6927)
Epoch:[1645][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1053 (9.6582)
Epoch:[1645][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9260 (9.6730)
epoch 1645 finished, takes 33.14470648765564 seconds
Epoch:[1646][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2510 (9.2510)
Epoch:[1646][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2069 (9.2289)
Epoch:[1646][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6168 (9.3582)
Epoch:[1646][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7390 (9.4534)
Epoch:[1646][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8365 (9.5300)
Epoch:[1646][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5320 (9.5304)
Epoch:[1646][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8560 (9.5769)
Epoch:[1646][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7537 (9.5990)
Epoch:[1646][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7122 (9.6116)
Epoch:[1646][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8253 (9.6329)
Epoch:[1646][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0580 (9.6716)
Epoch:[1646][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9291 (9.6930)
Epoch:[1646][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1856 (9.7309)
Epoch:[1646][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8326 (9.7382)
Epoch:[1646][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0461 (9.6921)
Epoch:[1646][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8911 (9.7045)
Epoch:[1646][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7108 (9.7049)
Epoch:[1646][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3090 (9.6829)
epoch 1646 finished, takes 34.178176164627075 seconds
Epoch:[1647][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7769 (9.7769)
Epoch:[1647][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2705 (10.0237)
Epoch:[1647][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3541 (9.8005)
Epoch:[1647][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2905 (9.6730)
Epoch:[1647][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6946 (9.6773)
Epoch:[1647][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8536 (9.7067)
Epoch:[1647][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2646 (9.6436)
Epoch:[1647][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0679 (9.6966)
Epoch:[1647][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7843 (9.7064)
Epoch:[1647][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3301 (9.6687)
Epoch:[1647][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6900 (9.6707)
Epoch:[1647][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7319 (9.6758)
Epoch:[1647][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7453 (9.6811)
Epoch:[1647][13/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1173 (9.7123)
Epoch:[1647][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7533 (9.7150)
Epoch:[1647][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3791 (9.6940)
Epoch:[1647][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5390 (9.6849)
Epoch:[1647][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6770 (9.6845)
epoch 1647 finished, takes 34.123435258865356 seconds
Epoch:[1648][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3791 (9.3791)
Epoch:[1648][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4195 (9.3993)
Epoch:[1648][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3082 (9.3689)
Epoch:[1648][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1552 (9.5655)
Epoch:[1648][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8760 (9.6276)
Epoch:[1648][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1579 (9.5493)
Epoch:[1648][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2377 (9.6477)
Epoch:[1648][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2650 (9.5998)
Epoch:[1648][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5083 (9.7008)
Epoch:[1648][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3419 (9.6649)
Epoch:[1648][10/18]	Time 2.14 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2583 (9.7188)
Epoch:[1648][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2085 (9.7596)
Epoch:[1648][12/18]	Time 1.64 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2089 (9.7173)
Epoch:[1648][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2210 (9.6818)
Epoch:[1648][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2681 (9.6542)
Epoch:[1648][15/18]	Time 2.31 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3875 (9.6376)
Epoch:[1648][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5923 (9.6349)
Epoch:[1648][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8088 (9.6446)
epoch 1648 finished, takes 34.39222478866577 seconds
Epoch:[1649][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0763 (10.0763)
Epoch:[1649][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6120 (9.8442)
Epoch:[1649][ 2/18]	Time 2.28 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0945 (9.9276)
Epoch:[1649][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2139 (9.7492)
Epoch:[1649][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5257 (9.7045)
Epoch:[1649][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9567 (9.7465)
Epoch:[1649][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6705 (9.7356)
Epoch:[1649][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8955 (9.7556)
Epoch:[1649][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5988 (9.7382)
Epoch:[1649][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0255 (9.7669)
Epoch:[1649][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4274 (9.8270)
Epoch:[1649][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6812 (9.8148)
Epoch:[1649][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2608 (9.7722)
Epoch:[1649][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3666 (9.8147)
Epoch:[1649][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6275 (9.8022)
Epoch:[1649][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9245 (9.8098)
Epoch:[1649][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6517 (9.8005)
Epoch:[1649][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2967 (9.8281)
epoch 1649 finished, takes 34.597652196884155 seconds
Epoch:[1650][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6854 (9.6854)
Epoch:[1650][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7819 (9.7336)
Epoch:[1650][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8327 (9.7667)
Epoch:[1650][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3835 (9.6709)
Epoch:[1650][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5233 (9.6414)
Epoch:[1650][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4473 (9.6090)
Epoch:[1650][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8934 (9.6496)
Epoch:[1650][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7154 (9.6578)
Epoch:[1650][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8191 (9.6758)
Epoch:[1650][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6202 (9.6702)
Epoch:[1650][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8508 (9.6866)
Epoch:[1650][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5884 (9.6784)
Epoch:[1650][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1476 (9.6376)
Epoch:[1650][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5307 (9.6300)
Epoch:[1650][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2011 (9.6014)
Epoch:[1650][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6793 (9.6062)
Epoch:[1650][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9420 (9.6260)
Epoch:[1650][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5421 (9.6213)
epoch 1650 finished, takes 33.73725605010986 seconds
Epoch:[1651][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9034 (9.9034)
Epoch:[1651][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3225 (9.6129)
Epoch:[1651][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2060 (9.8106)
Epoch:[1651][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5818 (9.7534)
Epoch:[1651][ 4/18]	Time 1.61 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4880 (9.7003)
Epoch:[1651][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6459 (9.6913)
Epoch:[1651][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0009 (9.7355)
Epoch:[1651][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2381 (9.6733)
Epoch:[1651][ 8/18]	Time 1.52 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9903 (9.5974)
Epoch:[1651][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9078 (9.6285)
Epoch:[1651][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8369 (9.6474)
Epoch:[1651][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8521 (9.6645)
Epoch:[1651][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2657 (9.6338)
Epoch:[1651][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7318 (9.6408)
Epoch:[1651][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9816 (9.6635)
Epoch:[1651][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5135 (9.6541)
Epoch:[1651][16/18]	Time 2.23 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6994 (9.6568)
Epoch:[1651][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4673 (9.6463)
epoch 1651 finished, takes 33.1764919757843 seconds
Epoch:[1652][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2900 (9.2900)
Epoch:[1652][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9652 (9.6276)
Epoch:[1652][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2580 (9.5044)
Epoch:[1652][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8231 (9.5840)
Epoch:[1652][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6121 (9.5897)
Epoch:[1652][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8433 (9.6319)
Epoch:[1652][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7936 (9.6550)
Epoch:[1652][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8273 (9.6766)
Epoch:[1652][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8289 (9.6935)
Epoch:[1652][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0714 (9.7313)
Epoch:[1652][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5323 (9.7132)
Epoch:[1652][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1134 (9.7465)
Epoch:[1652][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4451 (9.7234)
Epoch:[1652][13/18]	Time 2.32 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1103 (9.7510)
Epoch:[1652][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1832 (9.7131)
Epoch:[1652][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2709 (9.6855)
Epoch:[1652][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5262 (9.6761)
Epoch:[1652][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3973 (9.6606)
epoch 1652 finished, takes 33.96506881713867 seconds
Epoch:[1653][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6767 (9.6767)
Epoch:[1653][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3967 (9.5367)
Epoch:[1653][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7393 (9.6042)
Epoch:[1653][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5258 (9.5846)
Epoch:[1653][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1850 (9.7047)
Epoch:[1653][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5934 (9.6861)
Epoch:[1653][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9459 (9.7233)
Epoch:[1653][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5157 (9.6973)
Epoch:[1653][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8910 (9.7188)
Epoch:[1653][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0361 (9.7506)
Epoch:[1653][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1236 (9.6936)
Epoch:[1653][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5982 (9.6856)
Epoch:[1653][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6805 (9.6852)
Epoch:[1653][13/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6996 (9.6862)
Epoch:[1653][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7054 (9.6875)
Epoch:[1653][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3452 (9.6661)
Epoch:[1653][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9892 (9.6851)
Epoch:[1653][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5378 (9.6769)
epoch 1653 finished, takes 34.358991861343384 seconds
Epoch:[1654][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4389 (9.4389)
Epoch:[1654][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0224 (9.7307)
Epoch:[1654][ 2/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8678 (9.7764)
Epoch:[1654][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3165 (9.9114)
Epoch:[1654][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1467 (9.9585)
Epoch:[1654][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8861 (9.9464)
Epoch:[1654][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7977 (9.9252)
Epoch:[1654][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9263 (9.9253)
Epoch:[1654][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4362 (9.8710)
Epoch:[1654][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6536 (9.8492)
Epoch:[1654][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0169 (9.8645)
Epoch:[1654][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3531 (9.8219)
Epoch:[1654][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3518 (9.7857)
Epoch:[1654][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2903 (9.7503)
Epoch:[1654][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9182 (9.7615)
Epoch:[1654][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2082 (9.7269)
Epoch:[1654][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3560 (9.7051)
Epoch:[1654][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7278 (9.7064)
epoch 1654 finished, takes 33.51720571517944 seconds
Epoch:[1655][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8864 (9.8864)
Epoch:[1655][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5737 (9.7301)
Epoch:[1655][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4516 (9.6372)
Epoch:[1655][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9379 (9.7124)
Epoch:[1655][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5640 (9.6827)
Epoch:[1655][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2354 (9.6082)
Epoch:[1655][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5970 (9.6066)
Epoch:[1655][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3813 (9.5784)
Epoch:[1655][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7331 (9.5956)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5615685426411525  precision:  0.610950126182958  f1:  0.5086451327164414 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74141876 0.74607535 0.1991018  0.13194326]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7472824042140274  precision:  0.7678192715853163  f1:  0.7485105098609108 perclass recall:  [0.95719844 0.61458333 0.79464286 0.75510204 0.69113924 0.71744472
 0.75529865 0.69284995]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7065261197156928  precision:  0.7053192452655422  f1:  0.6931990868551354 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96399457 0.96744186 0.42557252 0.90606061 0.5235732 ]
Epoch:[1655][ 9/18]	Time 12.28 (2.92)	Data 10.42 (1.04)	Loss 9.8055 (9.6166)
Epoch:[1655][10/18]	Time 1.81 (2.82)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 9.7334 (9.6272)
Epoch:[1655][11/18]	Time 1.95 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 9.4333 (9.6111)
Epoch:[1655][12/18]	Time 1.73 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.5911 (9.6095)
Epoch:[1655][13/18]	Time 1.85 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.8223 (9.6247)
Epoch:[1655][14/18]	Time 2.16 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.6908 (9.6291)
Epoch:[1655][15/18]	Time 1.76 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.3465 (9.6115)
Epoch:[1655][16/18]	Time 1.77 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.8097 (9.6231)
Epoch:[1655][17/18]	Time 1.75 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.9004 (9.6385)
epoch 1655 finished, takes 43.97090220451355 seconds
Epoch:[1656][ 0/18]	Time 1.50 (1.50)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5517 (9.5517)
Epoch:[1656][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1718 (9.8617)
Epoch:[1656][ 2/18]	Time 1.53 (1.60)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5036 (9.7424)
Epoch:[1656][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3095 (9.6341)
Epoch:[1656][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1780 (9.7429)
Epoch:[1656][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8693 (9.7640)
Epoch:[1656][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2899 (9.8391)
Epoch:[1656][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4476 (9.7902)
Epoch:[1656][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1963 (9.8353)
Epoch:[1656][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0464 (9.8564)
Epoch:[1656][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7276 (9.8447)
Epoch:[1656][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3952 (9.8072)
Epoch:[1656][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3921 (9.7753)
Epoch:[1656][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8340 (9.7795)
Epoch:[1656][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4155 (9.7552)
Epoch:[1656][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4679 (9.7373)
Epoch:[1656][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8207 (9.7422)
Epoch:[1656][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5740 (9.7328)
epoch 1656 finished, takes 33.242146253585815 seconds
Epoch:[1657][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1302 (9.1302)
Epoch:[1657][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5263 (9.3283)
Epoch:[1657][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6456 (9.4341)
Epoch:[1657][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4099 (9.4280)
Epoch:[1657][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4191 (9.4262)
Epoch:[1657][ 5/18]	Time 2.17 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9961 (9.5212)
Epoch:[1657][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5784 (9.5294)
Epoch:[1657][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6970 (9.5503)
Epoch:[1657][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3377 (9.5267)
Epoch:[1657][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8672 (9.5607)
Epoch:[1657][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4504 (9.5507)
Epoch:[1657][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3740 (9.5360)
Epoch:[1657][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6575 (9.5453)
Epoch:[1657][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6530 (9.5530)
Epoch:[1657][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5214 (9.5509)
Epoch:[1657][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0694 (9.5833)
Epoch:[1657][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0762 (9.6123)
Epoch:[1657][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3783 (9.5993)
epoch 1657 finished, takes 34.15397930145264 seconds
Epoch:[1658][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5641 (9.5641)
Epoch:[1658][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6338 (9.5989)
Epoch:[1658][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1482 (9.4487)
Epoch:[1658][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4796 (9.4564)
Epoch:[1658][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2504 (9.4152)
Epoch:[1658][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5937 (9.4450)
Epoch:[1658][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0295 (9.5285)
Epoch:[1658][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2085 (9.4885)
Epoch:[1658][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0432 (9.4390)
Epoch:[1658][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5608 (9.5512)
Epoch:[1658][10/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7914 (9.5730)
Epoch:[1658][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8318 (9.5946)
Epoch:[1658][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8529 (9.6144)
Epoch:[1658][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7488 (9.6240)
Epoch:[1658][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2952 (9.6021)
Epoch:[1658][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4551 (9.5929)
Epoch:[1658][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4459 (9.5843)
Epoch:[1658][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6258 (9.5866)
epoch 1658 finished, takes 33.84884262084961 seconds
Epoch:[1659][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6336 (9.6336)
Epoch:[1659][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6177 (9.6256)
Epoch:[1659][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7937 (9.6816)
Epoch:[1659][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4818 (9.6317)
Epoch:[1659][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4801 (9.6014)
Epoch:[1659][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0415 (9.6747)
Epoch:[1659][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6269 (9.6679)
Epoch:[1659][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7783 (9.6817)
Epoch:[1659][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5044 (9.6620)
Epoch:[1659][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5651 (9.6523)
Epoch:[1659][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3817 (9.6277)
Epoch:[1659][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9184 (9.6519)
Epoch:[1659][12/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6230 (9.6497)
Epoch:[1659][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4437 (9.6350)
Epoch:[1659][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4907 (9.6254)
Epoch:[1659][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0228 (9.6502)
Epoch:[1659][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9070 (9.6653)
Epoch:[1659][17/18]	Time 2.18 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.5936 (9.7169)
epoch 1659 finished, takes 34.101481914520264 seconds
Epoch:[1660][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3060 (9.3060)
Epoch:[1660][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3083 (9.3072)
Epoch:[1660][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7847 (9.4663)
Epoch:[1660][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0268 (9.3564)
Epoch:[1660][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6473 (9.4146)
Epoch:[1660][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8055 (9.4798)
Epoch:[1660][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3702 (9.4641)
Epoch:[1660][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6957 (9.4930)
Epoch:[1660][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0328 (9.4419)
Epoch:[1660][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3743 (9.4351)
Epoch:[1660][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7517 (9.4639)
Epoch:[1660][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9316 (9.5029)
Epoch:[1660][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0617 (9.5459)
Epoch:[1660][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7699 (9.5619)
Epoch:[1660][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6670 (9.5689)
Epoch:[1660][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0350 (9.5980)
Epoch:[1660][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0914 (9.6271)
Epoch:[1660][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5293 (9.6216)
epoch 1660 finished, takes 33.04216122627258 seconds
Epoch:[1661][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8016 (9.8016)
Epoch:[1661][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6412 (9.7214)
Epoch:[1661][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2016 (9.5481)
Epoch:[1661][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4041 (9.5121)
Epoch:[1661][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0445 (9.4186)
Epoch:[1661][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5153 (9.4347)
Epoch:[1661][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1184 (9.3895)
Epoch:[1661][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8678 (9.4493)
Epoch:[1661][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8242 (9.4910)
Epoch:[1661][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2284 (9.4647)
Epoch:[1661][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3649 (9.4556)
Epoch:[1661][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0205 (9.5027)
Epoch:[1661][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7142 (9.5190)
Epoch:[1661][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8093 (9.5397)
Epoch:[1661][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7664 (9.5548)
Epoch:[1661][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8039 (9.5704)
Epoch:[1661][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2613 (9.5522)
Epoch:[1661][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7153 (9.5613)
epoch 1661 finished, takes 33.67681384086609 seconds
Epoch:[1662][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9985 (9.9985)
Epoch:[1662][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6509 (9.8247)
Epoch:[1662][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9200 (9.8565)
Epoch:[1662][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3624 (9.7330)
Epoch:[1662][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2203 (9.6304)
Epoch:[1662][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5639 (9.6193)
Epoch:[1662][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2219 (9.5625)
Epoch:[1662][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5946 (9.5666)
Epoch:[1662][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7321 (9.5849)
Epoch:[1662][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6207 (9.5885)
Epoch:[1662][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2915 (9.5615)
Epoch:[1662][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8275 (9.5837)
Epoch:[1662][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8659 (9.6054)
Epoch:[1662][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9839 (9.6324)
Epoch:[1662][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5687 (9.6282)
Epoch:[1662][15/18]	Time 1.59 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1216 (9.5965)
Epoch:[1662][16/18]	Time 1.53 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3536 (9.5822)
Epoch:[1662][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4091 (9.6282)
epoch 1662 finished, takes 33.05156493186951 seconds
Epoch:[1663][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3623 (9.3623)
Epoch:[1663][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7396 (9.5509)
Epoch:[1663][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3063 (9.8027)
Epoch:[1663][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4171 (9.7063)
Epoch:[1663][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7220 (9.7094)
Epoch:[1663][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2579 (9.8008)
Epoch:[1663][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7688 (9.7963)
Epoch:[1663][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4721 (9.7558)
Epoch:[1663][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8262 (9.7636)
Epoch:[1663][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5926 (9.7465)
Epoch:[1663][10/18]	Time 2.27 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0365 (9.7728)
Epoch:[1663][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7235 (9.7687)
Epoch:[1663][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6175 (9.7571)
Epoch:[1663][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5908 (9.7452)
Epoch:[1663][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7986 (9.7488)
Epoch:[1663][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3171 (9.7218)
Epoch:[1663][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5018 (9.7089)
Epoch:[1663][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4544 (9.6947)
epoch 1663 finished, takes 34.838048458099365 seconds
Epoch:[1664][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6261 (9.6261)
Epoch:[1664][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.7289 (10.1775)
Epoch:[1664][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3582 (9.9044)
Epoch:[1664][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7010 (9.8535)
Epoch:[1664][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6208 (9.8070)
Epoch:[1664][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8351 (9.6450)
Epoch:[1664][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0437 (9.7020)
Epoch:[1664][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4106 (9.6655)
Epoch:[1664][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4340 (9.6398)
Epoch:[1664][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7077 (9.6466)
Epoch:[1664][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6656 (9.6483)
Epoch:[1664][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7416 (9.6561)
Epoch:[1664][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6754 (9.6576)
Epoch:[1664][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5508 (9.6500)
Epoch:[1664][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6004 (9.6467)
Epoch:[1664][15/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8796 (9.6612)
Epoch:[1664][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7497 (9.6664)
Epoch:[1664][17/18]	Time 2.29 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8283 (9.6754)
epoch 1664 finished, takes 34.57643938064575 seconds
Epoch:[1665][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6102 (9.6102)
Epoch:[1665][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4147 (9.5125)
Epoch:[1665][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4012 (9.8087)
Epoch:[1665][ 3/18]	Time 1.59 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5303 (9.7391)
Epoch:[1665][ 4/18]	Time 2.08 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6302 (9.7173)
Epoch:[1665][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7448 (9.7219)
Epoch:[1665][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6055 (9.7053)
Epoch:[1665][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8615 (9.7248)
Epoch:[1665][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7235 (9.7247)
Epoch:[1665][ 9/18]	Time 2.30 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6555 (9.7178)
Epoch:[1665][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2875 (9.6786)
Epoch:[1665][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2635 (9.6440)
Epoch:[1665][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0370 (9.6743)
Epoch:[1665][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2530 (9.6442)
Epoch:[1665][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6434 (9.6441)
Epoch:[1665][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9294 (9.6620)
Epoch:[1665][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6663 (9.6622)
Epoch:[1665][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8972 (9.6753)
epoch 1665 finished, takes 33.55742335319519 seconds
Epoch:[1666][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5088 (9.5088)
Epoch:[1666][ 1/18]	Time 2.17 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7572 (9.6330)
Epoch:[1666][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9630 (9.4096)
Epoch:[1666][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5688 (9.4494)
Epoch:[1666][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3006 (9.4197)
Epoch:[1666][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2682 (9.3944)
Epoch:[1666][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6957 (9.4375)
Epoch:[1666][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3186 (9.4226)
Epoch:[1666][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7805 (9.4624)
Epoch:[1666][ 9/18]	Time 1.60 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6722 (9.4833)
Epoch:[1666][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4917 (9.4841)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5620956009015157  precision:  0.6077832356140885  f1:  0.5090427690980329 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.73698513 0.74843014 0.19926813 0.13672876]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7458131574579929  precision:  0.7654836413367275  f1:  0.746794067707572 perclass recall:  [0.9539559  0.61458333 0.79017857 0.74829932 0.70126582 0.71007371
 0.75529865 0.69284995]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.704375696341911  precision:  0.7037393060443646  f1:  0.6911490093352816 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96467391 0.96899225 0.42557252 0.9030303  0.51985112]
Epoch:[1666][11/18]	Time 12.60 (2.74)	Data 10.56 (0.88)	Loss 9.4723 (9.4831)
Epoch:[1666][12/18]	Time 2.06 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 10.9355 (9.5949)
Epoch:[1666][13/18]	Time 1.77 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.5563 (9.5921)
Epoch:[1666][14/18]	Time 1.76 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.8772 (9.6111)
Epoch:[1666][15/18]	Time 1.76 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.4053 (9.5982)
Epoch:[1666][16/18]	Time 2.02 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.7427 (9.6067)
Epoch:[1666][17/18]	Time 1.69 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.6308 (9.6081)
epoch 1666 finished, takes 43.99639296531677 seconds
Epoch:[1667][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3794 (9.3794)
Epoch:[1667][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8846 (9.6320)
Epoch:[1667][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1016 (9.7885)
Epoch:[1667][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3589 (9.6811)
Epoch:[1667][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6402 (9.6729)
Epoch:[1667][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5538 (9.6531)
Epoch:[1667][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4184 (9.6196)
Epoch:[1667][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9548 (9.6615)
Epoch:[1667][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2896 (9.6201)
Epoch:[1667][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0368 (9.6618)
Epoch:[1667][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7983 (9.6742)
Epoch:[1667][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9415 (9.6965)
Epoch:[1667][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1422 (9.6538)
Epoch:[1667][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2071 (9.6219)
Epoch:[1667][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6933 (9.6267)
Epoch:[1667][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8669 (9.6417)
Epoch:[1667][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7430 (9.6477)
Epoch:[1667][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8395 (9.6583)
epoch 1667 finished, takes 33.21631121635437 seconds
Epoch:[1668][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3481 (9.3481)
Epoch:[1668][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6617 (9.5049)
Epoch:[1668][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6592 (9.5563)
Epoch:[1668][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7610 (9.6075)
Epoch:[1668][ 4/18]	Time 1.53 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4458 (9.5752)
Epoch:[1668][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3026 (9.5297)
Epoch:[1668][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5670 (9.5351)
Epoch:[1668][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4874 (9.5291)
Epoch:[1668][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7246 (9.5508)
Epoch:[1668][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7753 (9.5733)
Epoch:[1668][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7353 (9.5880)
Epoch:[1668][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7312 (9.5999)
Epoch:[1668][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7170 (9.6089)
Epoch:[1668][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1033 (9.5728)
Epoch:[1668][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6890 (9.5806)
Epoch:[1668][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8315 (9.5962)
Epoch:[1668][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6132 (9.5972)
Epoch:[1668][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8743 (9.6126)
epoch 1668 finished, takes 33.31694149971008 seconds
Epoch:[1669][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3913 (9.3913)
Epoch:[1669][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3851 (9.3882)
Epoch:[1669][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2928 (9.3564)
Epoch:[1669][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1514 (9.5552)
Epoch:[1669][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6968 (9.5835)
Epoch:[1669][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3662 (9.5473)
Epoch:[1669][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5320 (9.5451)
Epoch:[1669][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0085 (9.4780)
Epoch:[1669][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9421 (9.5296)
Epoch:[1669][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6012 (9.5368)
Epoch:[1669][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3622 (9.5209)
Epoch:[1669][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8050 (9.5446)
Epoch:[1669][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9830 (9.5783)
Epoch:[1669][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6716 (9.5850)
Epoch:[1669][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0994 (9.6193)
Epoch:[1669][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6836 (9.6233)
Epoch:[1669][16/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3986 (9.6101)
Epoch:[1669][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5551 (9.6070)
epoch 1669 finished, takes 33.66241931915283 seconds
Epoch:[1670][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8546 (8.8546)
Epoch:[1670][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1943 (9.0244)
Epoch:[1670][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5225 (9.1904)
Epoch:[1670][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4126 (9.2460)
Epoch:[1670][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3677 (9.2703)
Epoch:[1670][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9474 (9.3832)
Epoch:[1670][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5160 (9.4022)
Epoch:[1670][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8290 (9.4555)
Epoch:[1670][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9063 (9.5056)
Epoch:[1670][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0925 (9.5643)
Epoch:[1670][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5664 (9.5645)
Epoch:[1670][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4129 (9.5518)
Epoch:[1670][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6130 (9.5565)
Epoch:[1670][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2281 (9.5331)
Epoch:[1670][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6843 (9.5432)
Epoch:[1670][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9480 (9.5685)
Epoch:[1670][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6761 (9.5748)
Epoch:[1670][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2422 (9.5563)
epoch 1670 finished, takes 33.54043960571289 seconds
Epoch:[1671][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5111 (9.5111)
Epoch:[1671][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5656 (9.5383)
Epoch:[1671][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6939 (9.5902)
Epoch:[1671][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8380 (9.6521)
Epoch:[1671][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6690 (9.6555)
Epoch:[1671][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4839 (9.6269)
Epoch:[1671][ 6/18]	Time 2.18 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6325 (9.6277)
Epoch:[1671][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0815 (9.6844)
Epoch:[1671][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6984 (9.6860)
Epoch:[1671][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1475 (9.7321)
Epoch:[1671][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3695 (9.6992)
Epoch:[1671][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8130 (9.7087)
Epoch:[1671][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7933 (9.7152)
Epoch:[1671][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3998 (9.6926)
Epoch:[1671][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5607 (9.6838)
Epoch:[1671][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4642 (9.6701)
Epoch:[1671][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5238 (9.6615)
Epoch:[1671][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1899 (9.6909)
epoch 1671 finished, takes 34.4145929813385 seconds
Epoch:[1672][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4331 (9.4331)
Epoch:[1672][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1049 (9.7690)
Epoch:[1672][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3389 (9.6256)
Epoch:[1672][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6617 (9.6347)
Epoch:[1672][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9897 (9.7057)
Epoch:[1672][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6834 (9.7020)
Epoch:[1672][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9028 (9.7306)
Epoch:[1672][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1668 (9.7852)
Epoch:[1672][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8710 (9.7947)
Epoch:[1672][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9177 (9.8070)
Epoch:[1672][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1527 (9.7475)
Epoch:[1672][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1982 (9.7018)
Epoch:[1672][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4941 (9.6858)
Epoch:[1672][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9646 (9.7057)
Epoch:[1672][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9211 (9.6534)
Epoch:[1672][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4180 (9.6387)
Epoch:[1672][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4222 (9.6259)
Epoch:[1672][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6372 (9.6266)
epoch 1672 finished, takes 33.55012345314026 seconds
Epoch:[1673][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9205 (9.9205)
Epoch:[1673][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7240 (9.8223)
Epoch:[1673][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6943 (9.7796)
Epoch:[1673][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2211 (9.8900)
Epoch:[1673][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5156 (9.8151)
Epoch:[1673][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9405 (9.8360)
Epoch:[1673][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4287 (9.7778)
Epoch:[1673][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9259 (9.7963)
Epoch:[1673][ 8/18]	Time 1.59 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5883 (9.7732)
Epoch:[1673][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9193 (9.7878)
Epoch:[1673][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3961 (9.7522)
Epoch:[1673][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3479 (9.7185)
Epoch:[1673][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3936 (9.6935)
Epoch:[1673][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8862 (9.7073)
Epoch:[1673][14/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4885 (9.6927)
Epoch:[1673][15/18]	Time 2.13 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2442 (9.6647)
Epoch:[1673][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4609 (9.6527)
Epoch:[1673][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3437 (9.6911)
epoch 1673 finished, takes 33.35194683074951 seconds
Epoch:[1674][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5320 (9.5320)
Epoch:[1674][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7798 (9.6559)
Epoch:[1674][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5934 (9.6351)
Epoch:[1674][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4949 (9.6000)
Epoch:[1674][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7774 (9.6355)
Epoch:[1674][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2119 (9.5649)
Epoch:[1674][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9071 (9.6138)
Epoch:[1674][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3180 (9.5768)
Epoch:[1674][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4565 (9.5635)
Epoch:[1674][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5884 (9.5659)
Epoch:[1674][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7701 (9.5845)
Epoch:[1674][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5994 (9.5857)
Epoch:[1674][12/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9605 (9.6146)
Epoch:[1674][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6044 (9.6138)
Epoch:[1674][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5750 (9.6113)
Epoch:[1674][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6530 (9.6139)
Epoch:[1674][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6295 (9.6148)
Epoch:[1674][17/18]	Time 2.22 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5865 (9.6132)
epoch 1674 finished, takes 34.061429500579834 seconds
Epoch:[1675][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8047 (9.8047)
Epoch:[1675][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3202 (9.5625)
Epoch:[1675][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3260 (9.4837)
Epoch:[1675][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6419 (9.5232)
Epoch:[1675][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7150 (9.5616)
Epoch:[1675][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6476 (9.5759)
Epoch:[1675][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4319 (9.5554)
Epoch:[1675][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3645 (9.5315)
Epoch:[1675][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3979 (9.5166)
Epoch:[1675][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9757 (9.5625)
Epoch:[1675][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9420 (9.5970)
Epoch:[1675][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3260 (9.5745)
Epoch:[1675][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3260 (9.5553)
Epoch:[1675][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8524 (9.5766)
Epoch:[1675][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9198 (9.5994)
Epoch:[1675][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5250 (9.5948)
Epoch:[1675][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2290 (9.5733)
Epoch:[1675][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6041 (9.5750)
epoch 1675 finished, takes 33.961749792099 seconds
Epoch:[1676][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4094 (9.4094)
Epoch:[1676][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1874 (9.2984)
Epoch:[1676][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0799 (9.2256)
Epoch:[1676][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4860 (9.2907)
Epoch:[1676][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9641 (9.4254)
Epoch:[1676][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1175 (9.3741)
Epoch:[1676][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3558 (9.3715)
Epoch:[1676][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4609 (9.3826)
Epoch:[1676][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7762 (9.4264)
Epoch:[1676][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9947 (9.4832)
Epoch:[1676][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6857 (9.5016)
Epoch:[1676][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5869 (9.5087)
Epoch:[1676][12/18]	Time 1.56 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5431 (9.5114)
Epoch:[1676][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2190 (9.4905)
Epoch:[1676][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3752 (9.4828)
Epoch:[1676][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4194 (9.4788)
Epoch:[1676][16/18]	Time 2.27 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6570 (9.4893)
Epoch:[1676][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9803 (9.5166)
epoch 1676 finished, takes 34.28511333465576 seconds
Epoch:[1677][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6027 (9.6027)
Epoch:[1677][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5899 (9.5963)
Epoch:[1677][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2189 (9.4705)
Epoch:[1677][ 3/18]	Time 2.12 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2359 (9.4118)
Epoch:[1677][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8385 (9.4972)
Epoch:[1677][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5572 (9.5072)
Epoch:[1677][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7377 (9.5401)
Epoch:[1677][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7069 (9.5609)
Epoch:[1677][ 8/18]	Time 2.20 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6907 (9.5754)
Epoch:[1677][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5679 (9.5746)
Epoch:[1677][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6277 (9.5794)
Epoch:[1677][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3865 (9.5634)
Epoch:[1677][12/18]	Time 1.60 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6313 (9.5686)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.561223771358645  precision:  0.608584572814374  f1:  0.507525572857239 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.73941648 0.74882261 0.19594145 0.13382328]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.746769908263084  precision:  0.766562887471393  f1:  0.7483272109572352 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.62083333 0.79910714 0.75283447 0.68607595 0.70761671
 0.7495183  0.70292044]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7067012934842095  precision:  0.7058721261969501  f1:  0.6938681479673375 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96399457 0.96744186 0.42748092 0.9030303  0.52295285]
Epoch:[1677][13/18]	Time 12.35 (2.58)	Data 10.60 (0.76)	Loss 9.5861 (9.5698)
Epoch:[1677][14/18]	Time 1.77 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 9.4760 (9.5636)
Epoch:[1677][15/18]	Time 1.75 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.5803 (9.5646)
Epoch:[1677][16/18]	Time 1.74 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.7326 (9.5745)
Epoch:[1677][17/18]	Time 1.89 (2.41)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.6428 (9.5783)
epoch 1677 finished, takes 43.33938789367676 seconds
Epoch:[1678][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3295 (10.3295)
Epoch:[1678][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7929 (10.0612)
Epoch:[1678][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9427 (10.0217)
Epoch:[1678][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5405 (9.9014)
Epoch:[1678][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2958 (9.7803)
Epoch:[1678][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4662 (9.7279)
Epoch:[1678][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7467 (9.7306)
Epoch:[1678][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3573 (9.6839)
Epoch:[1678][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5252 (9.6663)
Epoch:[1678][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4978 (9.6495)
Epoch:[1678][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8325 (9.6661)
Epoch:[1678][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9309 (9.6048)
Epoch:[1678][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9262 (9.6296)
Epoch:[1678][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5591 (9.6245)
Epoch:[1678][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6998 (9.6295)
Epoch:[1678][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8876 (9.6457)
Epoch:[1678][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2306 (9.6213)
Epoch:[1678][17/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6877 (9.6249)
epoch 1678 finished, takes 33.70266389846802 seconds
Epoch:[1679][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2634 (9.2634)
Epoch:[1679][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7782 (9.5208)
Epoch:[1679][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5922 (9.5446)
Epoch:[1679][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8913 (9.3813)
Epoch:[1679][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4774 (9.4005)
Epoch:[1679][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0688 (9.5119)
Epoch:[1679][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4448 (9.5023)
Epoch:[1679][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3396 (9.4820)
Epoch:[1679][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2040 (9.5622)
Epoch:[1679][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2949 (9.5355)
Epoch:[1679][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7803 (9.5577)
Epoch:[1679][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4926 (9.5523)
Epoch:[1679][12/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7225 (9.5654)
Epoch:[1679][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8480 (9.5141)
Epoch:[1679][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1313 (9.5553)
Epoch:[1679][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6254 (9.5597)
Epoch:[1679][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1514 (9.5357)
Epoch:[1679][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4364 (9.5301)
epoch 1679 finished, takes 33.84016537666321 seconds
Epoch:[1680][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1934 (9.1934)
Epoch:[1680][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7531 (9.4732)
Epoch:[1680][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0861 (9.3442)
Epoch:[1680][ 3/18]	Time 1.63 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1128 (9.2863)
Epoch:[1680][ 4/18]	Time 2.18 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3893 (9.3069)
Epoch:[1680][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3785 (9.3189)
Epoch:[1680][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4897 (9.3433)
Epoch:[1680][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6844 (9.3859)
Epoch:[1680][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2384 (9.3695)
Epoch:[1680][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7432 (9.4069)
Epoch:[1680][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3390 (9.4007)
Epoch:[1680][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8648 (9.4394)
Epoch:[1680][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4481 (9.5170)
Epoch:[1680][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2993 (9.5014)
Epoch:[1680][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5225 (9.5028)
Epoch:[1680][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6142 (9.5098)
Epoch:[1680][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3599 (9.5010)
Epoch:[1680][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5181 (9.5019)
epoch 1680 finished, takes 33.537248373031616 seconds
Epoch:[1681][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1552 (10.1552)
Epoch:[1681][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8009 (9.9780)
Epoch:[1681][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1136 (10.0232)
Epoch:[1681][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9523 (10.0055)
Epoch:[1681][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4745 (9.8993)
Epoch:[1681][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5226 (9.8365)
Epoch:[1681][ 6/18]	Time 2.34 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8792 (9.8426)
Epoch:[1681][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1532 (9.8814)
Epoch:[1681][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6758 (9.8586)
Epoch:[1681][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5559 (9.8283)
Epoch:[1681][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3922 (9.7887)
Epoch:[1681][11/18]	Time 2.18 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6889 (9.7804)
Epoch:[1681][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8589 (9.7864)
Epoch:[1681][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8211 (9.7889)
Epoch:[1681][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3773 (9.7614)
Epoch:[1681][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2772 (9.7312)
Epoch:[1681][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5310 (9.7194)
Epoch:[1681][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2911 (9.6956)
epoch 1681 finished, takes 34.40866947174072 seconds
Epoch:[1682][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8626 (9.8626)
Epoch:[1682][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4923 (9.6775)
Epoch:[1682][ 2/18]	Time 1.62 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7161 (9.6903)
Epoch:[1682][ 3/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6270 (9.6745)
Epoch:[1682][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2907 (9.5977)
Epoch:[1682][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6608 (9.6083)
Epoch:[1682][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8072 (9.6367)
Epoch:[1682][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8969 (9.6692)
Epoch:[1682][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5270 (9.6534)
Epoch:[1682][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3783 (9.6259)
Epoch:[1682][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8010 (9.6418)
Epoch:[1682][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4380 (9.6248)
Epoch:[1682][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9272 (9.6481)
Epoch:[1682][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5751 (9.6429)
Epoch:[1682][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6374 (9.6425)
Epoch:[1682][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7392 (9.6485)
Epoch:[1682][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0323 (9.6711)
Epoch:[1682][17/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9076 (9.6842)
epoch 1682 finished, takes 34.53227734565735 seconds
Epoch:[1683][ 0/18]	Time 2.21 (2.21)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4863 (9.4863)
Epoch:[1683][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5671 (9.5267)
Epoch:[1683][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8076 (9.6203)
Epoch:[1683][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4908 (9.5879)
Epoch:[1683][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3757 (9.5455)
Epoch:[1683][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4893 (9.5361)
Epoch:[1683][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7607 (9.5682)
Epoch:[1683][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1021 (9.6349)
Epoch:[1683][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3050 (9.5983)
Epoch:[1683][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3733 (9.5758)
Epoch:[1683][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6431 (9.5819)
Epoch:[1683][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6707 (9.5893)
Epoch:[1683][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9443 (9.5397)
Epoch:[1683][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5785 (9.5425)
Epoch:[1683][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5572 (9.5434)
Epoch:[1683][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7528 (9.5565)
Epoch:[1683][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0514 (9.5268)
Epoch:[1683][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3715 (9.5182)
epoch 1683 finished, takes 34.577564001083374 seconds
Epoch:[1684][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3959 (9.3959)
Epoch:[1684][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3622 (9.3790)
Epoch:[1684][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3510 (9.3697)
Epoch:[1684][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8046 (9.4784)
Epoch:[1684][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9260 (9.5679)
Epoch:[1684][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8808 (9.6201)
Epoch:[1684][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4820 (9.6004)
Epoch:[1684][ 7/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3973 (9.5750)
Epoch:[1684][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6480 (9.5831)
Epoch:[1684][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7179 (9.5966)
Epoch:[1684][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1408 (9.6460)
Epoch:[1684][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0930 (9.6833)
Epoch:[1684][12/18]	Time 2.32 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6336 (9.6795)
Epoch:[1684][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4185 (9.6608)
Epoch:[1684][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2140 (9.6310)
Epoch:[1684][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5630 (9.6268)
Epoch:[1684][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6981 (9.6310)
Epoch:[1684][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7876 (9.6397)
epoch 1684 finished, takes 34.91315412521362 seconds
Epoch:[1685][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8287 (9.8287)
Epoch:[1685][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7866 (9.8076)
Epoch:[1685][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6404 (9.7519)
Epoch:[1685][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3300 (9.6464)
Epoch:[1685][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5244 (9.6220)
Epoch:[1685][ 5/18]	Time 1.63 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3174 (9.5712)
Epoch:[1685][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8268 (9.6078)
Epoch:[1685][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7836 (9.6297)
Epoch:[1685][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3630 (9.6001)
Epoch:[1685][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3544 (9.5755)
Epoch:[1685][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4287 (9.5622)
Epoch:[1685][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3184 (9.5419)
Epoch:[1685][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9473 (9.4961)
Epoch:[1685][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3769 (9.4876)
Epoch:[1685][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3613 (9.4792)
Epoch:[1685][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4705 (9.4786)
Epoch:[1685][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2408 (9.4647)
Epoch:[1685][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3454 (9.4580)
epoch 1685 finished, takes 33.337895154953 seconds
Epoch:[1686][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8536 (9.8536)
Epoch:[1686][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9158 (9.8847)
Epoch:[1686][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8082 (9.8592)
Epoch:[1686][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5755 (9.7883)
Epoch:[1686][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7897 (9.7886)
Epoch:[1686][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5018 (9.7408)
Epoch:[1686][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3474 (9.6846)
Epoch:[1686][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5977 (9.6737)
Epoch:[1686][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6980 (9.6764)
Epoch:[1686][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8857 (9.6973)
Epoch:[1686][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2138 (9.6534)
Epoch:[1686][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6797 (9.6556)
Epoch:[1686][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5715 (9.6491)
Epoch:[1686][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7085 (9.6533)
Epoch:[1686][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6412 (9.6525)
Epoch:[1686][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3810 (9.6356)
Epoch:[1686][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4320 (9.6236)
Epoch:[1686][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3522 (9.6085)
epoch 1686 finished, takes 33.88200354576111 seconds
Epoch:[1687][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1580 (10.1580)
Epoch:[1687][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8429 (9.5005)
Epoch:[1687][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2527 (9.4179)
Epoch:[1687][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2677 (9.6303)
Epoch:[1687][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8451 (9.6733)
Epoch:[1687][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5214 (9.6480)
Epoch:[1687][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8487 (9.6766)
Epoch:[1687][ 7/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4196 (9.6445)
Epoch:[1687][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0077 (9.5738)
Epoch:[1687][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7849 (9.5949)
Epoch:[1687][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2731 (9.5656)
Epoch:[1687][11/18]	Time 1.51 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3951 (9.5514)
Epoch:[1687][12/18]	Time 1.64 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6057 (9.5556)
Epoch:[1687][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9827 (9.5861)
Epoch:[1687][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4895 (9.5797)
Epoch:[1687][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7233 (9.5886)
Epoch:[1687][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1031 (9.6189)
Epoch:[1687][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8065 (9.6293)
epoch 1687 finished, takes 33.342751026153564 seconds
Epoch:[1688][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5273 (9.5273)
Epoch:[1688][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7913 (9.6593)
Epoch:[1688][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6639 (9.6608)
Epoch:[1688][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4784 (9.6152)
Epoch:[1688][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3384 (9.5599)
Epoch:[1688][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2501 (9.5082)
Epoch:[1688][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2785 (9.4754)
Epoch:[1688][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7773 (9.5131)
Epoch:[1688][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3846 (9.4989)
Epoch:[1688][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1894 (9.4679)
Epoch:[1688][10/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3353 (9.5468)
Epoch:[1688][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1817 (9.5163)
Epoch:[1688][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4991 (9.5150)
Epoch:[1688][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9106 (9.5433)
Epoch:[1688][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3233 (9.5286)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5604019976270147  precision:  0.6077694279348058  f1:  0.506574616821736 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.73770023 0.74843014 0.18895542 0.13809605]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7466999088263376  precision:  0.7652286004940088  f1:  0.7476608310281756 perclass recall:  [0.95460441 0.61666667 0.796875   0.75056689 0.68860759 0.71007371
 0.75529865 0.70090634]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7065540189478218  precision:  0.7046837443013904  f1:  0.6930227658758058 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96399457 0.96899225 0.42938931 0.9030303  0.51861042]
Epoch:[1688][15/18]	Time 12.84 (2.56)	Data 10.68 (0.67)	Loss 10.0223 (9.5595)
Epoch:[1688][16/18]	Time 1.89 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 9.4448 (9.5527)
Epoch:[1688][17/18]	Time 1.73 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.7757 (9.5651)
epoch 1688 finished, takes 44.638697385787964 seconds
Epoch:[1689][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3292 (10.3292)
Epoch:[1689][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6651 (9.9971)
Epoch:[1689][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6967 (9.8970)
Epoch:[1689][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4305 (9.7804)
Epoch:[1689][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4254 (9.9094)
Epoch:[1689][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6724 (9.8699)
Epoch:[1689][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7469 (9.8523)
Epoch:[1689][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2558 (9.7778)
Epoch:[1689][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5870 (9.7566)
Epoch:[1689][ 9/18]	Time 1.59 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9519 (9.7761)
Epoch:[1689][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0700 (9.7119)
Epoch:[1689][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9262 (9.7298)
Epoch:[1689][12/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6878 (9.7265)
Epoch:[1689][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0441 (9.6778)
Epoch:[1689][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1108 (9.6400)
Epoch:[1689][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5618 (9.6351)
Epoch:[1689][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5921 (9.6326)
Epoch:[1689][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2394 (9.6107)
epoch 1689 finished, takes 33.56046938896179 seconds
Epoch:[1690][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7390 (9.7390)
Epoch:[1690][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2748 (9.5069)
Epoch:[1690][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1513 (9.7217)
Epoch:[1690][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8995 (9.7661)
Epoch:[1690][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6160 (9.7361)
Epoch:[1690][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7423 (9.7371)
Epoch:[1690][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3418 (9.6807)
Epoch:[1690][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4452 (9.6512)
Epoch:[1690][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8262 (9.6707)
Epoch:[1690][ 9/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5678 (9.6604)
Epoch:[1690][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2278 (9.6211)
Epoch:[1690][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1984 (9.5858)
Epoch:[1690][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5952 (9.5866)
Epoch:[1690][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6167 (9.5887)
Epoch:[1690][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9352 (9.5451)
Epoch:[1690][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5690 (9.5466)
Epoch:[1690][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0174 (9.5743)
Epoch:[1690][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4528 (9.5676)
epoch 1690 finished, takes 33.92770576477051 seconds
Epoch:[1691][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8224 (9.8224)
Epoch:[1691][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7532 (9.7878)
Epoch:[1691][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7106 (9.7621)
Epoch:[1691][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7588 (9.7613)
Epoch:[1691][ 4/18]	Time 1.62 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6063 (9.7303)
Epoch:[1691][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8922 (9.7572)
Epoch:[1691][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5963 (9.7343)
Epoch:[1691][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5307 (9.7088)
Epoch:[1691][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3098 (9.6645)
Epoch:[1691][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3679 (9.6348)
Epoch:[1691][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4570 (9.6187)
Epoch:[1691][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5855 (9.6159)
Epoch:[1691][12/18]	Time 2.14 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8439 (9.6334)
Epoch:[1691][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7254 (9.6400)
Epoch:[1691][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6907 (9.6434)
Epoch:[1691][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3843 (9.6272)
Epoch:[1691][16/18]	Time 2.19 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3255 (9.6094)
Epoch:[1691][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7832 (9.6191)
epoch 1691 finished, takes 33.53538370132446 seconds
Epoch:[1692][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0007 (10.0007)
Epoch:[1692][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7602 (9.8804)
Epoch:[1692][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7778 (9.8462)
Epoch:[1692][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4048 (9.7359)
Epoch:[1692][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4891 (9.6865)
Epoch:[1692][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4466 (9.6465)
Epoch:[1692][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4368 (9.6166)
Epoch:[1692][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4997 (9.6020)
Epoch:[1692][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5870 (9.6003)
Epoch:[1692][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2067 (9.5609)
Epoch:[1692][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6766 (9.5715)
Epoch:[1692][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7170 (9.5836)
Epoch:[1692][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6832 (9.5912)
Epoch:[1692][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9346 (9.5443)
Epoch:[1692][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9126 (9.5689)
Epoch:[1692][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4842 (9.5636)
Epoch:[1692][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7521 (9.5747)
Epoch:[1692][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5305 (9.5722)
epoch 1692 finished, takes 33.90932488441467 seconds
Epoch:[1693][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2724 (9.2724)
Epoch:[1693][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4285 (9.3505)
Epoch:[1693][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7085 (9.4698)
Epoch:[1693][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6902 (9.5249)
Epoch:[1693][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4971 (9.5193)
Epoch:[1693][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4123 (9.5015)
Epoch:[1693][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9956 (9.4292)
Epoch:[1693][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5594 (9.4455)
Epoch:[1693][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8268 (9.4879)
Epoch:[1693][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1067 (9.4497)
Epoch:[1693][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2968 (9.4358)
Epoch:[1693][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5995 (9.4495)
Epoch:[1693][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6789 (9.4671)
Epoch:[1693][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0748 (9.5105)
Epoch:[1693][14/18]	Time 1.55 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4281 (9.5050)
Epoch:[1693][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5962 (9.5107)
Epoch:[1693][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6701 (9.5201)
Epoch:[1693][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6022 (9.5247)
epoch 1693 finished, takes 33.248934745788574 seconds
Epoch:[1694][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9506 (9.9506)
Epoch:[1694][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8778 (9.9142)
Epoch:[1694][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2005 (9.6763)
Epoch:[1694][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3054 (9.5836)
Epoch:[1694][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0689 (9.6806)
Epoch:[1694][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6096 (9.6688)
Epoch:[1694][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9911 (9.5720)
Epoch:[1694][ 7/18]	Time 2.15 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7203 (9.5905)
Epoch:[1694][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5842 (9.5898)
Epoch:[1694][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7909 (9.6099)
Epoch:[1694][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3714 (9.5882)
Epoch:[1694][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5216 (9.5827)
Epoch:[1694][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9439 (9.6105)
Epoch:[1694][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4709 (9.6005)
Epoch:[1694][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9825 (9.6260)
Epoch:[1694][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8524 (9.6401)
Epoch:[1694][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7514 (9.6467)
Epoch:[1694][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3314 (9.6292)
epoch 1694 finished, takes 34.034117221832275 seconds
Epoch:[1695][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5122 (9.5122)
Epoch:[1695][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3963 (9.4543)
Epoch:[1695][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6799 (9.5295)
Epoch:[1695][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5407 (9.5323)
Epoch:[1695][ 4/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8407 (9.5940)
Epoch:[1695][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9835 (9.6589)
Epoch:[1695][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9424 (9.6994)
Epoch:[1695][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1018 (9.6247)
Epoch:[1695][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9182 (9.6573)
Epoch:[1695][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7155 (9.6631)
Epoch:[1695][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2766 (9.6280)
Epoch:[1695][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1013 (9.5841)
Epoch:[1695][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3396 (9.5653)
Epoch:[1695][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0117 (9.5972)
Epoch:[1695][14/18]	Time 2.20 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4836 (9.5896)
Epoch:[1695][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1019 (9.6216)
Epoch:[1695][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4686 (9.6126)
Epoch:[1695][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0695 (9.5824)
epoch 1695 finished, takes 33.989694356918335 seconds
Epoch:[1696][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4528 (9.4528)
Epoch:[1696][ 1/18]	Time 2.15 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8478 (9.6503)
Epoch:[1696][ 2/18]	Time 1.58 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2475 (9.5160)
Epoch:[1696][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5144 (9.5156)
Epoch:[1696][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5450 (9.5215)
Epoch:[1696][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7998 (9.5679)
Epoch:[1696][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8282 (9.6051)
Epoch:[1696][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5206 (9.5945)
Epoch:[1696][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9657 (9.6358)
Epoch:[1696][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3663 (9.7088)
Epoch:[1696][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2354 (9.6658)
Epoch:[1696][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6563 (9.6650)
Epoch:[1696][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7300 (9.6700)
Epoch:[1696][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5852 (9.6639)
Epoch:[1696][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5088 (9.6536)
Epoch:[1696][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8023 (9.6629)
Epoch:[1696][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4366 (9.6496)
Epoch:[1696][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3138 (9.6309)
epoch 1696 finished, takes 33.409732818603516 seconds
Epoch:[1697][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8201 (9.8201)
Epoch:[1697][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5347 (9.6774)
Epoch:[1697][ 2/18]	Time 1.59 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1749 (9.5099)
Epoch:[1697][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2364 (9.4415)
Epoch:[1697][ 4/18]	Time 1.63 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7644 (9.5061)
Epoch:[1697][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8603 (9.5651)
Epoch:[1697][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8535 (9.6063)
Epoch:[1697][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6593 (9.6129)
Epoch:[1697][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8931 (9.6441)
Epoch:[1697][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8456 (9.6642)
Epoch:[1697][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5933 (9.6578)
Epoch:[1697][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6428 (9.6565)
Epoch:[1697][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4604 (9.6414)
Epoch:[1697][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8495 (9.6563)
Epoch:[1697][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8899 (9.6719)
Epoch:[1697][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4015 (9.6550)
Epoch:[1697][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3704 (9.6382)
Epoch:[1697][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1562 (9.6670)
epoch 1697 finished, takes 33.8525607585907 seconds
Epoch:[1698][ 0/18]	Time 2.24 (2.24)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0220 (10.0220)
Epoch:[1698][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (2.18)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1238 (10.0729)
Epoch:[1698][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7093 (9.9517)
Epoch:[1698][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3230 (9.7945)
Epoch:[1698][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8724 (9.8101)
Epoch:[1698][ 5/18]	Time 2.18 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5198 (9.7617)
Epoch:[1698][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0435 (9.8020)
Epoch:[1698][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3393 (9.7441)
Epoch:[1698][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0303 (9.7759)
Epoch:[1698][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4521 (9.7435)
Epoch:[1698][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6266 (9.7329)
Epoch:[1698][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1428 (9.7671)
Epoch:[1698][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6701 (9.7596)
Epoch:[1698][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2690 (9.7960)
Epoch:[1698][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1315 (9.7517)
Epoch:[1698][15/18]	Time 2.17 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4046 (9.7300)
Epoch:[1698][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0514 (9.6901)
Epoch:[1698][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1956 (9.6626)
epoch 1698 finished, takes 34.5637903213501 seconds
Epoch:[1699][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4346 (9.4346)
Epoch:[1699][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5454 (9.4900)
Epoch:[1699][ 2/18]	Time 2.19 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6106 (9.5302)
Epoch:[1699][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2984 (9.4723)
Epoch:[1699][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7930 (9.5364)
Epoch:[1699][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8424 (9.5874)
Epoch:[1699][ 6/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4626 (9.5696)
Epoch:[1699][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9940 (9.6226)
Epoch:[1699][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1384 (9.5688)
Epoch:[1699][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6353 (9.5755)
Epoch:[1699][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2494 (9.5458)
Epoch:[1699][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0536 (9.5882)
Epoch:[1699][12/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7597 (9.6013)
Epoch:[1699][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7473 (9.6118)
Epoch:[1699][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7505 (9.6210)
Epoch:[1699][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4751 (9.6119)
Epoch:[1699][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5944 (9.6109)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5624607363818425  precision:  0.609960316650027  f1:  0.5098927112277232 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.73741419 0.74843014 0.19577512 0.14185609]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7459905454699725  precision:  0.765165624003577  f1:  0.7476533552650075 perclass recall:  [0.95654994 0.62291667 0.79910714 0.75510204 0.6835443  0.6953317
 0.75144509 0.70392749]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7072346121719549  precision:  0.7029181114787098  f1:  0.6932557275375378 perclass recall:  [0.46089385 0.96399457 0.96744186 0.43129771 0.9030303  0.51674938]
Epoch:[1699][17/18]	Time 12.63 (2.48)	Data 10.45 (0.58)	Loss 9.3738 (9.5977)
epoch 1699 finished, takes 44.690497636795044 seconds
Epoch:[1700][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6295 (9.6295)
Epoch:[1700][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6868 (9.6581)
Epoch:[1700][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5063 (9.6075)
Epoch:[1700][ 3/18]	Time 1.52 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4379 (9.5651)
Epoch:[1700][ 4/18]	Time 2.08 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4806 (9.5482)
Epoch:[1700][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9036 (9.6074)
Epoch:[1700][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6606 (9.6150)
Epoch:[1700][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4168 (9.5903)
Epoch:[1700][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3745 (9.5663)
Epoch:[1700][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8109 (9.5908)
Epoch:[1700][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2524 (9.5600)
Epoch:[1700][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8394 (9.5833)
Epoch:[1700][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6069 (9.5851)
Epoch:[1700][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8033 (9.6007)
Epoch:[1700][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6219 (9.6021)
Epoch:[1700][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4072 (9.5899)
Epoch:[1700][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9243 (9.6096)
Epoch:[1700][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8128 (9.6209)
epoch 1700 finished, takes 33.25737428665161 seconds
Epoch:[1701][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8697 (8.8697)
Epoch:[1701][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9415 (9.4056)
Epoch:[1701][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5431 (9.4514)
Epoch:[1701][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5116 (9.4665)
Epoch:[1701][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0264 (9.5785)
Epoch:[1701][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0955 (9.6646)
Epoch:[1701][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1401 (9.5897)
Epoch:[1701][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4355 (9.5704)
Epoch:[1701][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3292 (9.5436)
Epoch:[1701][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2722 (9.5165)
Epoch:[1701][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2780 (9.4948)
Epoch:[1701][11/18]	Time 2.12 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9006 (9.5286)
Epoch:[1701][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4943 (9.5260)
Epoch:[1701][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4482 (9.5204)
Epoch:[1701][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8308 (9.5411)
Epoch:[1701][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5156 (9.5395)
Epoch:[1701][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5133 (9.5380)
Epoch:[1701][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6679 (9.5452)
epoch 1701 finished, takes 33.992581367492676 seconds
Epoch:[1702][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5867 (9.5867)
Epoch:[1702][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9331 (9.7599)
Epoch:[1702][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1392 (9.5530)
Epoch:[1702][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7291 (9.5970)
Epoch:[1702][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1191 (9.7014)
Epoch:[1702][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5547 (9.6770)
Epoch:[1702][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1004 (9.5946)
Epoch:[1702][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8621 (9.6280)
Epoch:[1702][ 8/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1382 (9.6847)
Epoch:[1702][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3312 (9.6494)
Epoch:[1702][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3620 (9.6232)
Epoch:[1702][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6541 (9.6258)
Epoch:[1702][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7466 (9.6351)
Epoch:[1702][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7932 (9.6464)
Epoch:[1702][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5806 (9.6420)
Epoch:[1702][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7201 (9.6469)
Epoch:[1702][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8598 (9.6594)
Epoch:[1702][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6867 (9.6609)
epoch 1702 finished, takes 34.62861776351929 seconds
Epoch:[1703][ 0/18]	Time 2.24 (2.24)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5563 (9.5563)
Epoch:[1703][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6922 (9.6242)
Epoch:[1703][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6333 (9.6273)
Epoch:[1703][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7376 (9.6548)
Epoch:[1703][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6720 (9.6583)
Epoch:[1703][ 5/18]	Time 2.28 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4061 (9.6162)
Epoch:[1703][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9523 (9.6642)
Epoch:[1703][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3828 (9.6291)
Epoch:[1703][ 8/18]	Time 1.58 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2225 (9.5839)
Epoch:[1703][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9690 (9.6224)
Epoch:[1703][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1584 (9.5802)
Epoch:[1703][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0848 (9.6223)
Epoch:[1703][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4266 (9.6072)
Epoch:[1703][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7116 (9.6147)
Epoch:[1703][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7062 (9.6208)
Epoch:[1703][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3567 (9.6043)
Epoch:[1703][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2949 (9.6449)
Epoch:[1703][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2081 (9.6206)
epoch 1703 finished, takes 34.5746545791626 seconds
Epoch:[1704][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9621 (9.9621)
Epoch:[1704][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4742 (9.7181)
Epoch:[1704][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4827 (9.6396)
Epoch:[1704][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1975 (9.5291)
Epoch:[1704][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6605 (9.5554)
Epoch:[1704][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2801 (9.5095)
Epoch:[1704][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9190 (9.5680)
Epoch:[1704][ 7/18]	Time 2.17 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6698 (9.5807)
Epoch:[1704][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6994 (9.5939)
Epoch:[1704][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8581 (9.6203)
Epoch:[1704][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6382 (9.6220)
Epoch:[1704][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9485 (9.6492)
Epoch:[1704][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0418 (9.6024)
Epoch:[1704][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3002 (9.5809)
Epoch:[1704][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8117 (9.5963)
Epoch:[1704][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5489 (9.5933)
Epoch:[1704][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5545 (9.5910)
Epoch:[1704][17/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6076 (9.5919)
epoch 1704 finished, takes 34.131930112838745 seconds
Epoch:[1705][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5932 (9.5932)
Epoch:[1705][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6203 (9.6067)
Epoch:[1705][ 2/18]	Time 1.62 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2019 (9.4718)
Epoch:[1705][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7874 (9.5507)
Epoch:[1705][ 4/18]	Time 2.22 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6395 (9.5684)
Epoch:[1705][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6328 (9.5792)
Epoch:[1705][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4297 (9.5578)
Epoch:[1705][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4646 (9.5462)
Epoch:[1705][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7793 (9.5721)
Epoch:[1705][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3277 (9.5476)
Epoch:[1705][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6004 (9.5524)
Epoch:[1705][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2546 (9.5276)
Epoch:[1705][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7563 (9.5452)
Epoch:[1705][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6269 (9.5510)
Epoch:[1705][14/18]	Time 2.17 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5614 (9.5517)
Epoch:[1705][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1554 (9.5270)
Epoch:[1705][16/18]	Time 1.58 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8597 (9.5465)
Epoch:[1705][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5443 (9.5464)
epoch 1705 finished, takes 33.35752892494202 seconds
Epoch:[1706][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9517 (8.9517)
Epoch:[1706][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0709 (9.0113)
Epoch:[1706][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3478 (9.4568)
Epoch:[1706][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8166 (9.5467)
Epoch:[1706][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7253 (9.5825)
Epoch:[1706][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5261 (9.5731)
Epoch:[1706][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4771 (9.5594)
Epoch:[1706][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9414 (9.6071)
Epoch:[1706][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3167 (9.5748)
Epoch:[1706][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1266 (9.6300)
Epoch:[1706][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6117 (9.6283)
Epoch:[1706][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2396 (9.6793)
Epoch:[1706][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1940 (9.6420)
Epoch:[1706][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2182 (9.6117)
Epoch:[1706][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1698 (9.6489)
Epoch:[1706][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3042 (9.6273)
Epoch:[1706][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3063 (9.6085)
Epoch:[1706][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5705 (9.6064)
epoch 1706 finished, takes 33.2525680065155 seconds
Epoch:[1707][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7630 (9.7630)
Epoch:[1707][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1641 (9.4636)
Epoch:[1707][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6082 (9.5118)
Epoch:[1707][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8861 (9.6053)
Epoch:[1707][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0209 (9.6885)
Epoch:[1707][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7250 (9.6945)
Epoch:[1707][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2122 (9.6256)
Epoch:[1707][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5191 (9.6123)
Epoch:[1707][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8790 (9.6420)
Epoch:[1707][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3152 (9.6093)
Epoch:[1707][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3250 (9.5834)
Epoch:[1707][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3785 (9.5664)
Epoch:[1707][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9523 (9.5961)
Epoch:[1707][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4157 (9.5832)
Epoch:[1707][14/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6995 (9.5909)
Epoch:[1707][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4213 (9.5803)
Epoch:[1707][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1292 (9.6126)
Epoch:[1707][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2630 (9.5932)
epoch 1707 finished, takes 33.504167795181274 seconds
Epoch:[1708][ 0/18]	Time 2.41 (2.41)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0033 (10.0033)
Epoch:[1708][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (2.17)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5950 (9.7991)
Epoch:[1708][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7054 (9.7679)
Epoch:[1708][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5523 (9.7140)
Epoch:[1708][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4278 (9.6568)
Epoch:[1708][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5929 (9.6461)
Epoch:[1708][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9821 (9.6941)
Epoch:[1708][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3181 (9.6471)
Epoch:[1708][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6445 (9.6468)
Epoch:[1708][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6890 (9.6510)
Epoch:[1708][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8492 (9.6691)
Epoch:[1708][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4323 (9.6493)
Epoch:[1708][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2122 (9.6157)
Epoch:[1708][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4760 (9.6057)
Epoch:[1708][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6398 (9.6080)
Epoch:[1708][15/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5292 (9.6031)
Epoch:[1708][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9037 (9.6208)
Epoch:[1708][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9900 (9.6413)
epoch 1708 finished, takes 34.51094174385071 seconds
Epoch:[1709][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9135 (9.9135)
Epoch:[1709][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5239 (9.7187)
Epoch:[1709][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5400 (9.6591)
Epoch:[1709][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3284 (9.5764)
Epoch:[1709][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7084 (9.6028)
Epoch:[1709][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7282 (9.6237)
Epoch:[1709][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6837 (9.6323)
Epoch:[1709][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3786 (9.6006)
Epoch:[1709][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5906 (9.5995)
Epoch:[1709][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5251 (9.5920)
Epoch:[1709][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5104 (9.5846)
Epoch:[1709][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7443 (9.5979)
Epoch:[1709][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5358 (9.5931)
Epoch:[1709][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2579 (9.5692)
Epoch:[1709][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8024 (9.5847)
Epoch:[1709][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3027 (9.5671)
Epoch:[1709][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3771 (9.5559)
Epoch:[1709][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4413 (9.5496)
epoch 1709 finished, takes 33.90423941612244 seconds
Epoch:[1710][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5901 (9.5901)
Epoch:[1710][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7950 (9.6926)
Epoch:[1710][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7013 (9.6955)
Epoch:[1710][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2428 (9.5823)
Epoch:[1710][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3482 (9.5355)
Epoch:[1710][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7944 (9.5786)
Epoch:[1710][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3323 (9.5434)
Epoch:[1710][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8295 (9.5792)
Epoch:[1710][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7038 (9.5930)
Epoch:[1710][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1611 (9.6498)
Epoch:[1710][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6568 (9.6505)
Epoch:[1710][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1838 (9.6116)
Epoch:[1710][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8759 (9.6319)
Epoch:[1710][13/18]	Time 1.58 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5463 (9.6258)
Epoch:[1710][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6644 (9.6284)
Epoch:[1710][15/18]	Time 2.28 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8433 (9.6418)
Epoch:[1710][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2727 (9.6201)
Epoch:[1710][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5452 (9.6159)
epoch 1710 finished, takes 34.15655016899109 seconds
Epoch:[1711][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6771 (9.6771)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5602142138460132  precision:  0.6071835637078842  f1:  0.5064417847615998 perclass recall:  [0.98763965 0.73741419 0.74843014 0.18812375 0.13946334]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7465123319762761  precision:  0.7655498178078517  f1:  0.7481230951775417 perclass recall:  [0.95654994 0.62291667 0.80357143 0.75510204 0.67848101 0.6953317
 0.75722543 0.70292044]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7077449188982771  precision:  0.7035434775867163  f1:  0.6935973851822154 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96399457 0.96899225 0.44083969 0.90151515 0.5130273 ]
Epoch:[1711][ 1/18]	Time 12.37 (7.22)	Data 10.31 (5.16)	Loss 9.3631 (9.5201)
Epoch:[1711][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (5.39)	Data 0.00 (3.44)	Loss 9.2228 (9.4210)
Epoch:[1711][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (4.47)	Data 0.00 (2.58)	Loss 9.4775 (9.4351)
Epoch:[1711][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (3.95)	Data 0.00 (2.06)	Loss 9.4735 (9.4428)
Epoch:[1711][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (3.60)	Data 0.00 (1.72)	Loss 9.4638 (9.4463)
Epoch:[1711][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (3.39)	Data 0.00 (1.47)	Loss 9.7460 (9.4891)
Epoch:[1711][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (3.17)	Data 0.00 (1.29)	Loss 9.7453 (9.5211)
Epoch:[1711][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (3.03)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.4056 (9.5083)
Epoch:[1711][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (2.93)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.2309 (9.4806)
Epoch:[1711][10/18]	Time 1.84 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.2459 (9.4592)
Epoch:[1711][11/18]	Time 1.98 (2.76)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.6520 (9.4753)
Epoch:[1711][12/18]	Time 1.82 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.8197 (9.5018)
Epoch:[1711][13/18]	Time 1.85 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.5308 (9.5039)
Epoch:[1711][14/18]	Time 1.89 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.7556 (9.5206)
Epoch:[1711][15/18]	Time 1.99 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 10.2739 (9.5677)
Epoch:[1711][16/18]	Time 2.19 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 10.0162 (9.5941)
Epoch:[1711][17/18]	Time 1.84 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.9113 (9.6117)
epoch 1711 finished, takes 44.689722776412964 seconds
Epoch:[1712][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4068 (9.4068)
Epoch:[1712][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7265 (9.5666)
Epoch:[1712][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8641 (9.6658)
Epoch:[1712][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2865 (9.5710)
Epoch:[1712][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2112 (9.6990)
Epoch:[1712][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3432 (9.6397)
Epoch:[1712][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8709 (9.6727)
Epoch:[1712][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5532 (9.6578)
Epoch:[1712][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9813 (9.6937)
Epoch:[1712][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6671 (9.6911)
Epoch:[1712][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8078 (9.7017)
Epoch:[1712][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0640 (9.7319)
Epoch:[1712][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2781 (9.6970)
Epoch:[1712][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9815 (9.6459)
Epoch:[1712][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9621 (9.6670)
Epoch:[1712][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6465 (9.6657)
Epoch:[1712][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5819 (9.6607)
Epoch:[1712][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7468 (9.6655)
epoch 1712 finished, takes 33.74958157539368 seconds
Epoch:[1713][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0463 (9.0463)
Epoch:[1713][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9550 (9.5006)
Epoch:[1713][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3861 (9.4624)
Epoch:[1713][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6802 (9.5169)
Epoch:[1713][ 4/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8542 (9.5843)
Epoch:[1713][ 5/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9895 (9.6519)
Epoch:[1713][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4211 (9.6189)
Epoch:[1713][ 7/18]	Time 1.52 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3288 (9.5826)
Epoch:[1713][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5737 (9.5816)
Epoch:[1713][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4509 (9.5686)
Epoch:[1713][10/18]	Time 2.18 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6712 (9.5779)
Epoch:[1713][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3306 (9.5573)
Epoch:[1713][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7537 (9.5724)
Epoch:[1713][13/18]	Time 1.59 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3819 (9.5588)
Epoch:[1713][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9310 (9.5836)
Epoch:[1713][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3796 (9.5709)
Epoch:[1713][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5859 (9.5717)
Epoch:[1713][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0094 (9.5961)
epoch 1713 finished, takes 33.43877601623535 seconds
Epoch:[1714][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5418 (9.5418)
Epoch:[1714][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7271 (9.6345)
Epoch:[1714][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4807 (9.5832)
Epoch:[1714][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7275 (9.6193)
Epoch:[1714][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2973 (9.5549)
Epoch:[1714][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8102 (9.5974)
Epoch:[1714][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0678 (9.6646)
Epoch:[1714][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1437 (9.5995)
Epoch:[1714][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7763 (9.6191)
Epoch:[1714][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6183 (9.6191)
Epoch:[1714][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1072 (9.6634)
Epoch:[1714][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6459 (9.6620)
Epoch:[1714][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6057 (9.6577)
Epoch:[1714][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4728 (9.6444)
Epoch:[1714][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5971 (9.6413)
Epoch:[1714][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4109 (9.6269)
Epoch:[1714][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4586 (9.6170)
Epoch:[1714][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9646 (9.6363)
epoch 1714 finished, takes 34.33760714530945 seconds
Epoch:[1715][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8357 (9.8357)
Epoch:[1715][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3840 (9.6099)
Epoch:[1715][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8686 (9.6961)
Epoch:[1715][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8434 (9.7329)
Epoch:[1715][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6252 (9.7114)
Epoch:[1715][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6258 (9.6971)
Epoch:[1715][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5469 (9.6757)
Epoch:[1715][ 7/18]	Time 1.61 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0654 (9.7244)
Epoch:[1715][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3983 (9.6881)
Epoch:[1715][ 9/18]	Time 2.31 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5669 (9.6760)
Epoch:[1715][10/18]	Time 1.64 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4031 (9.6512)
Epoch:[1715][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2410 (9.6170)
Epoch:[1715][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3851 (9.5992)
Epoch:[1715][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5090 (9.5927)
Epoch:[1715][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3878 (9.5791)
Epoch:[1715][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6901 (9.5860)
Epoch:[1715][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6691 (9.5909)
Epoch:[1715][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5358 (9.5878)
epoch 1715 finished, takes 33.55215525627136 seconds
Epoch:[1716][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7557 (9.7557)
Epoch:[1716][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9449 (9.8503)
Epoch:[1716][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0070 (9.5692)
Epoch:[1716][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5388 (9.5616)
Epoch:[1716][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0414 (9.4576)
Epoch:[1716][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3088 (9.4328)
Epoch:[1716][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2691 (9.4094)
Epoch:[1716][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2678 (9.3917)
Epoch:[1716][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4875 (9.4023)
Epoch:[1716][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6625 (9.4284)
Epoch:[1716][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4330 (9.4288)
Epoch:[1716][11/18]	Time 2.35 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7713 (9.4573)
Epoch:[1716][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9667 (9.4965)
Epoch:[1716][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1624 (9.4726)
Epoch:[1716][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1639 (9.4521)
Epoch:[1716][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6333 (9.4634)
Epoch:[1716][16/18]	Time 2.13 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9576 (9.4925)
Epoch:[1716][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4176 (9.4883)
epoch 1716 finished, takes 34.92234659194946 seconds
Epoch:[1717][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3836 (9.3836)
Epoch:[1717][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2235 (9.3035)
Epoch:[1717][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5426 (9.3832)
Epoch:[1717][ 3/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5467 (9.4241)
Epoch:[1717][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8542 (9.5101)
Epoch:[1717][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9053 (9.5760)
Epoch:[1717][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4307 (9.5552)
Epoch:[1717][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6617 (9.5685)
Epoch:[1717][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4628 (9.5568)
Epoch:[1717][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5165 (9.5528)
Epoch:[1717][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4491 (9.5433)
Epoch:[1717][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3657 (9.5285)
Epoch:[1717][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6957 (9.5414)
Epoch:[1717][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1017 (9.5100)
Epoch:[1717][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6985 (9.5226)
Epoch:[1717][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2764 (9.5072)
Epoch:[1717][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7055 (9.5188)
Epoch:[1717][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7449 (9.5314)
epoch 1717 finished, takes 33.53389263153076 seconds
Epoch:[1718][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9979 (9.9979)
Epoch:[1718][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4105 (9.7042)
Epoch:[1718][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6856 (9.6980)
Epoch:[1718][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9009 (9.7487)
Epoch:[1718][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6798 (9.7349)
Epoch:[1718][ 5/18]	Time 2.20 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7363 (9.7352)
Epoch:[1718][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9810 (9.7703)
Epoch:[1718][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5559 (9.7435)
Epoch:[1718][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1429 (9.6768)
Epoch:[1718][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2776 (9.6369)
Epoch:[1718][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3038 (9.6066)
Epoch:[1718][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8908 (9.6303)
Epoch:[1718][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5465 (9.6238)
Epoch:[1718][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3548 (9.6046)
Epoch:[1718][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3253 (9.5860)
Epoch:[1718][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2089 (9.5624)
Epoch:[1718][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6687 (9.5687)
Epoch:[1718][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5439 (9.5673)
epoch 1718 finished, takes 33.86066699028015 seconds
Epoch:[1719][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6186 (9.6186)
Epoch:[1719][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4284 (9.5235)
Epoch:[1719][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7371 (9.5947)
Epoch:[1719][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2221 (9.7516)
Epoch:[1719][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5613 (9.7135)
Epoch:[1719][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5644 (9.6887)
Epoch:[1719][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2393 (9.6245)
Epoch:[1719][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2628 (9.5793)
Epoch:[1719][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6407 (9.5861)
Epoch:[1719][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6148 (9.5890)
Epoch:[1719][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3510 (9.5673)
Epoch:[1719][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5364 (9.5647)
Epoch:[1719][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3627 (9.5492)
Epoch:[1719][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4189 (9.5399)
Epoch:[1719][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2775 (9.5224)
Epoch:[1719][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9562 (9.5495)
Epoch:[1719][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2435 (9.5315)
Epoch:[1719][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5388 (9.5319)
epoch 1719 finished, takes 34.01158666610718 seconds
Epoch:[1720][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4272 (9.4272)
Epoch:[1720][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6682 (9.5477)
Epoch:[1720][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9698 (9.6884)
Epoch:[1720][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3139 (9.5948)
Epoch:[1720][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7581 (9.6274)
Epoch:[1720][ 5/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8160 (9.6589)
Epoch:[1720][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2185 (9.5960)
Epoch:[1720][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5072 (9.5849)
Epoch:[1720][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6531 (9.5924)
Epoch:[1720][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4023 (9.5734)
Epoch:[1720][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3108 (9.5496)
Epoch:[1720][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2380 (9.5236)
Epoch:[1720][12/18]	Time 1.58 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7264 (9.5392)
Epoch:[1720][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3578 (9.5262)
Epoch:[1720][14/18]	Time 2.13 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9073 (9.5516)
Epoch:[1720][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4236 (9.5436)
Epoch:[1720][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7590 (9.5563)
Epoch:[1720][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4306 (9.5493)
epoch 1720 finished, takes 32.95580244064331 seconds
Epoch:[1721][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1603 (9.1603)
Epoch:[1721][ 1/18]	Time 2.29 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0268 (9.5935)
Epoch:[1721][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3250 (9.5040)
Epoch:[1721][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5002 (9.5030)
Epoch:[1721][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7845 (9.5593)
Epoch:[1721][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1768 (9.4956)
Epoch:[1721][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7883 (9.5374)
Epoch:[1721][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2569 (9.5023)
Epoch:[1721][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7388 (9.5286)
Epoch:[1721][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5314 (9.5289)
Epoch:[1721][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5771 (9.5333)
Epoch:[1721][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1926 (9.5882)
Epoch:[1721][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7788 (9.6029)
Epoch:[1721][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6773 (9.6082)
Epoch:[1721][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4971 (9.6008)
Epoch:[1721][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0222 (9.6271)
Epoch:[1721][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6303 (9.6273)
Epoch:[1721][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2800 (9.6080)
epoch 1721 finished, takes 33.973209619522095 seconds
Epoch:[1722][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8765 (9.8765)
Epoch:[1722][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8543 (9.3654)
Epoch:[1722][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3133 (9.3480)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5565394282252939  precision:  0.6081462174889503  f1:  0.5012121844512449 perclass recall:  [0.98740195 0.73984554 0.74607535 0.17298736 0.13638694]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7453946525233379  precision:  0.7653577421491687  f1:  0.7468780795096635 perclass recall:  [0.95654994 0.625      0.80133929 0.75963719 0.67594937 0.70515971
 0.74566474 0.693857  ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7080675758572631  precision:  0.7034420638506278  f1:  0.6939372750904944 perclass recall:  [0.46368715 0.96399457 0.96899225 0.44083969 0.89848485 0.51240695]
Epoch:[1722][ 3/18]	Time 12.23 (4.39)	Data 10.27 (2.57)	Loss 9.9205 (9.4912)
Epoch:[1722][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (3.84)	Data 0.00 (2.06)	Loss 9.4354 (9.4800)
Epoch:[1722][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (3.51)	Data 0.00 (1.71)	Loss 9.3971 (9.4662)
Epoch:[1722][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (3.26)	Data 0.00 (1.47)	Loss 9.4671 (9.4663)
Epoch:[1722][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (3.06)	Data 0.00 (1.28)	Loss 9.0418 (9.4133)
Epoch:[1722][ 8/18]	Time 2.14 (2.95)	Data 0.00 (1.14)	Loss 9.4803 (9.4207)
Epoch:[1722][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.5748 (9.4361)
Epoch:[1722][10/18]	Time 1.95 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.93)	Loss 9.7736 (9.4668)
Epoch:[1722][11/18]	Time 1.87 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.3601 (9.4579)
Epoch:[1722][12/18]	Time 1.65 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.3370 (9.4486)
Epoch:[1722][13/18]	Time 1.88 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.73)	Loss 9.2366 (9.4335)
Epoch:[1722][14/18]	Time 1.83 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.2035 (9.4181)
Epoch:[1722][15/18]	Time 1.78 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.3961 (9.4167)
Epoch:[1722][16/18]	Time 1.88 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 9.5059 (9.4220)
Epoch:[1722][17/18]	Time 1.85 (2.39)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.1634 (9.4076)
epoch 1722 finished, takes 43.02081918716431 seconds
Epoch:[1723][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9111 (8.9111)
Epoch:[1723][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7512 (9.3311)
Epoch:[1723][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5548 (9.4057)
Epoch:[1723][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0711 (9.3220)
Epoch:[1723][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9929 (9.4562)
Epoch:[1723][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7636 (9.5075)
Epoch:[1723][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2345 (9.4685)
Epoch:[1723][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0885 (9.4210)
Epoch:[1723][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7649 (9.4592)
Epoch:[1723][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7026 (9.4835)
Epoch:[1723][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3658 (9.4728)
Epoch:[1723][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9066 (9.5090)
Epoch:[1723][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3308 (9.4953)
Epoch:[1723][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8993 (9.5241)
Epoch:[1723][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4412 (9.5186)
Epoch:[1723][15/18]	Time 2.20 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1589 (9.5586)
Epoch:[1723][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7524 (9.5700)
Epoch:[1723][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5564 (9.5693)
epoch 1723 finished, takes 34.01311016082764 seconds
Epoch:[1724][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5199 (9.5199)
Epoch:[1724][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5341 (9.5270)
Epoch:[1724][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4583 (9.5041)
Epoch:[1724][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4084 (9.4802)
Epoch:[1724][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4036 (9.4648)
Epoch:[1724][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4451 (9.4616)
Epoch:[1724][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4329 (9.4575)
Epoch:[1724][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5684 (9.4713)
Epoch:[1724][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2438 (9.4460)
Epoch:[1724][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8126 (9.4827)
Epoch:[1724][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8840 (9.5192)
Epoch:[1724][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7493 (9.5384)
Epoch:[1724][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4842 (9.5342)
Epoch:[1724][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3800 (9.5232)
Epoch:[1724][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6494 (9.5316)
Epoch:[1724][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8976 (9.5545)
Epoch:[1724][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5563 (9.5546)
Epoch:[1724][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7204 (9.5638)
epoch 1724 finished, takes 33.92803931236267 seconds
Epoch:[1725][ 0/18]	Time 1.58 (1.58)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3107 (9.3107)
Epoch:[1725][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7724 (9.5415)
Epoch:[1725][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2903 (9.4578)
Epoch:[1725][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4654 (9.4597)
Epoch:[1725][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9316 (9.5541)
Epoch:[1725][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2229 (9.4989)
Epoch:[1725][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6248 (9.5169)
Epoch:[1725][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5792 (9.5246)
Epoch:[1725][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7081 (9.5450)
Epoch:[1725][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8568 (9.5762)
Epoch:[1725][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8709 (9.6030)
Epoch:[1725][11/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4632 (9.5913)
Epoch:[1725][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5130 (9.5853)
Epoch:[1725][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4876 (9.5783)
Epoch:[1725][14/18]	Time 2.13 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8821 (9.5986)
Epoch:[1725][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1478 (9.5704)
Epoch:[1725][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7225 (9.5794)
Epoch:[1725][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4731 (9.5735)
epoch 1725 finished, takes 33.01849627494812 seconds
Epoch:[1726][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0788 (9.0788)
Epoch:[1726][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3080 (9.1934)
Epoch:[1726][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2853 (9.2240)
Epoch:[1726][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9940 (9.4165)
Epoch:[1726][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6570 (9.4646)
Epoch:[1726][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5067 (9.4716)
Epoch:[1726][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4116 (9.4630)
Epoch:[1726][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0149 (9.5320)
Epoch:[1726][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1607 (9.4908)
Epoch:[1726][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6882 (9.5105)
Epoch:[1726][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9394 (9.4586)
Epoch:[1726][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6148 (9.4716)
Epoch:[1726][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3676 (9.4636)
Epoch:[1726][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1823 (9.4435)
Epoch:[1726][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5301 (9.4493)
Epoch:[1726][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9529 (9.4808)
Epoch:[1726][16/18]	Time 2.52 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3484 (9.4730)
Epoch:[1726][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6081 (9.4805)
epoch 1726 finished, takes 33.809040784835815 seconds
Epoch:[1727][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3235 (10.3235)
Epoch:[1727][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5144 (9.9190)
Epoch:[1727][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8326 (9.8902)
Epoch:[1727][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4124 (9.7707)
Epoch:[1727][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8002 (9.5766)
Epoch:[1727][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7074 (9.5984)
Epoch:[1727][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5696 (9.5943)
Epoch:[1727][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1622 (9.5403)
Epoch:[1727][ 8/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3563 (9.5198)
Epoch:[1727][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8041 (9.5483)
Epoch:[1727][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9151 (9.5816)
Epoch:[1727][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2595 (9.5548)
Epoch:[1727][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9180 (9.5827)
Epoch:[1727][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0777 (9.5466)
Epoch:[1727][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8373 (9.5660)
Epoch:[1727][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4424 (9.5583)
Epoch:[1727][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6947 (9.5663)
Epoch:[1727][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5731 (9.5667)
epoch 1727 finished, takes 33.96288061141968 seconds
Epoch:[1728][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2107 (9.2107)
Epoch:[1728][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0633 (9.1370)
Epoch:[1728][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2790 (9.1843)
Epoch:[1728][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1429 (9.1740)
Epoch:[1728][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7906 (9.2973)
Epoch:[1728][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3108 (9.2995)
Epoch:[1728][ 6/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0594 (9.4081)
Epoch:[1728][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4057 (9.4078)
Epoch:[1728][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3756 (9.4042)
Epoch:[1728][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8654 (9.4503)
Epoch:[1728][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5426 (9.4587)
Epoch:[1728][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2557 (9.4418)
Epoch:[1728][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7004 (9.4617)
Epoch:[1728][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1985 (9.4429)
Epoch:[1728][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7027 (9.4602)
Epoch:[1728][15/18]	Time 2.31 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6066 (9.4694)
Epoch:[1728][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5034 (9.4714)
Epoch:[1728][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6992 (9.4840)
epoch 1728 finished, takes 33.98942732810974 seconds
Epoch:[1729][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7415 (9.7415)
Epoch:[1729][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7042 (9.7229)
Epoch:[1729][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1988 (9.5482)
Epoch:[1729][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3432 (9.4969)
Epoch:[1729][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3465 (9.4668)
Epoch:[1729][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5632 (9.4829)
Epoch:[1729][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0376 (9.4193)
Epoch:[1729][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5027 (9.4297)
Epoch:[1729][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3206 (9.4176)
Epoch:[1729][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8029 (9.4561)
Epoch:[1729][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9928 (9.5049)
Epoch:[1729][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3940 (9.4957)
Epoch:[1729][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6452 (9.5072)
Epoch:[1729][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8823 (9.5340)
Epoch:[1729][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5965 (9.5381)
Epoch:[1729][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2716 (9.5840)
Epoch:[1729][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5314 (9.5809)
Epoch:[1729][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7049 (9.5878)
epoch 1729 finished, takes 33.76797413825989 seconds
Epoch:[1730][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4680 (9.4680)
Epoch:[1730][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3984 (9.4332)
Epoch:[1730][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3436 (9.7367)
Epoch:[1730][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2666 (9.6192)
Epoch:[1730][ 4/18]	Time 2.33 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7368 (9.6427)
Epoch:[1730][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2935 (9.5845)
Epoch:[1730][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0750 (9.5117)
Epoch:[1730][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3450 (9.4909)
Epoch:[1730][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7309 (9.5175)
Epoch:[1730][ 9/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3881 (9.5046)
Epoch:[1730][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3134 (9.4872)
Epoch:[1730][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2778 (9.4697)
Epoch:[1730][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9921 (9.5099)
Epoch:[1730][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8736 (9.5359)
Epoch:[1730][14/18]	Time 2.22 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1409 (9.5762)
Epoch:[1730][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6882 (9.5832)
Epoch:[1730][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3041 (9.5668)
Epoch:[1730][17/18]	Time 1.57 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2002 (9.5464)
epoch 1730 finished, takes 33.61920642852783 seconds
Epoch:[1731][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3989 (9.3989)
Epoch:[1731][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7524 (9.5757)
Epoch:[1731][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6477 (9.5997)
Epoch:[1731][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3978 (9.5492)
Epoch:[1731][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8290 (9.6052)
Epoch:[1731][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0194 (9.6742)
Epoch:[1731][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3445 (9.6271)
Epoch:[1731][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1992 (9.5736)
Epoch:[1731][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1626 (9.5280)
Epoch:[1731][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4768 (9.5228)
Epoch:[1731][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0884 (9.4833)
Epoch:[1731][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9999 (9.5264)
Epoch:[1731][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3289 (9.5112)
Epoch:[1731][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8794 (9.5375)
Epoch:[1731][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4363 (9.5308)
Epoch:[1731][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4853 (9.5279)
Epoch:[1731][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5330 (9.5282)
Epoch:[1731][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5649 (9.5302)
epoch 1731 finished, takes 33.732277154922485 seconds
Epoch:[1732][ 0/18]	Time 1.56 (1.56)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5622 (9.5622)
Epoch:[1732][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9653 (9.2637)
Epoch:[1732][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2802 (9.2692)
Epoch:[1732][ 3/18]	Time 2.25 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7662 (9.3935)
Epoch:[1732][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5266 (9.4201)
Epoch:[1732][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6121 (9.4521)
Epoch:[1732][ 6/18]	Time 1.64 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5276 (9.4629)
Epoch:[1732][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4137 (9.4567)
Epoch:[1732][ 8/18]	Time 2.16 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4681 (9.4580)
Epoch:[1732][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4969 (9.4619)
Epoch:[1732][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5999 (9.4744)
Epoch:[1732][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9042 (9.4269)
Epoch:[1732][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5916 (9.4396)
Epoch:[1732][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6304 (9.4532)
Epoch:[1732][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5906 (9.4624)
Epoch:[1732][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3743 (9.4569)
Epoch:[1732][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3079 (9.4481)
Epoch:[1732][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4873 (9.4503)
epoch 1732 finished, takes 33.08233451843262 seconds
Epoch:[1733][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3655 (9.3655)
Epoch:[1733][ 1/18]	Time 1.63 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4930 (9.4292)
Epoch:[1733][ 2/18]	Time 1.59 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2768 (9.3784)
Epoch:[1733][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9854 (9.2802)
Epoch:[1733][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9329 (9.4107)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5599918694233449  precision:  0.6077082824037517  f1:  0.5064872211500868 perclass recall:  [0.98835275 0.73784325 0.74843014 0.18928809 0.13604512]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7447781539938985  precision:  0.764878269774968  f1:  0.746056985899048 perclass recall:  [0.9539559  0.62291667 0.79910714 0.75283447 0.67341772 0.71253071
 0.74759152 0.6958711 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7048251317996544  precision:  0.7018464056914473  f1:  0.6908066533287275 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96399457 0.96899225 0.4351145  0.90151515 0.51240695]
Epoch:[1733][ 5/18]	Time 12.64 (3.57)	Data 10.39 (1.73)	Loss 10.0128 (9.5110)
Epoch:[1733][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (3.34)	Data 0.00 (1.49)	Loss 9.7391 (9.5436)
Epoch:[1733][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (3.17)	Data 0.00 (1.30)	Loss 9.7246 (9.5662)
Epoch:[1733][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (3.02)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 9.1697 (9.5222)
Epoch:[1733][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 9.5921 (9.5292)
Epoch:[1733][10/18]	Time 2.17 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 9.3844 (9.5160)
Epoch:[1733][11/18]	Time 1.74 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 9.0794 (9.4796)
Epoch:[1733][12/18]	Time 1.90 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.8525 (9.5083)
Epoch:[1733][13/18]	Time 1.74 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.8766 (9.5346)
Epoch:[1733][14/18]	Time 1.84 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.3730 (9.5238)
Epoch:[1733][15/18]	Time 2.25 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.6062 (9.5290)
Epoch:[1733][16/18]	Time 1.68 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.5528 (9.5304)
Epoch:[1733][17/18]	Time 1.75 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.5137 (9.5295)
epoch 1733 finished, takes 44.032872438430786 seconds
Epoch:[1734][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6479 (9.6479)
Epoch:[1734][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5883 (9.6181)
Epoch:[1734][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5829 (9.6064)
Epoch:[1734][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4981 (9.5793)
Epoch:[1734][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9157 (9.6466)
Epoch:[1734][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6694 (9.6504)
Epoch:[1734][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8082 (9.6729)
Epoch:[1734][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4987 (9.6511)
Epoch:[1734][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1869 (9.5996)
Epoch:[1734][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7334 (9.6129)
Epoch:[1734][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4971 (9.6024)
Epoch:[1734][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0915 (9.6432)
Epoch:[1734][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6160 (9.6411)
Epoch:[1734][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4824 (9.6297)
Epoch:[1734][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3813 (9.6132)
Epoch:[1734][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9167 (9.6322)
Epoch:[1734][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5127 (9.6251)
Epoch:[1734][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2101 (9.6021)
epoch 1734 finished, takes 33.57708716392517 seconds
Epoch:[1735][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3212 (9.3212)
Epoch:[1735][ 1/18]	Time 1.64 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1965 (9.2588)
Epoch:[1735][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4291 (9.3156)
Epoch:[1735][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7845 (9.4328)
Epoch:[1735][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3403 (9.4143)
Epoch:[1735][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9260 (9.4996)
Epoch:[1735][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3484 (9.4780)
Epoch:[1735][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4823 (9.4785)
Epoch:[1735][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8050 (9.5148)
Epoch:[1735][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7488 (9.5382)
Epoch:[1735][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7386 (9.5564)
Epoch:[1735][11/18]	Time 1.60 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6873 (9.5673)
Epoch:[1735][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0549 (9.6048)
Epoch:[1735][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8242 (9.6205)
Epoch:[1735][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1543 (9.5894)
Epoch:[1735][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2098 (9.6282)
Epoch:[1735][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5680 (9.6246)
Epoch:[1735][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4024 (9.6123)
epoch 1735 finished, takes 33.20609521865845 seconds
Epoch:[1736][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2276 (9.2276)
Epoch:[1736][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3185 (9.2730)
Epoch:[1736][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6161 (9.3874)
Epoch:[1736][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5469 (9.4273)
Epoch:[1736][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0336 (9.3485)
Epoch:[1736][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3243 (9.3445)
Epoch:[1736][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5275 (9.3706)
Epoch:[1736][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4496 (9.3805)
Epoch:[1736][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0100 (9.3393)
Epoch:[1736][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4743 (9.3528)
Epoch:[1736][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4057 (9.3576)
Epoch:[1736][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7413 (9.3896)
Epoch:[1736][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6661 (9.4109)
Epoch:[1736][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9052 (9.4462)
Epoch:[1736][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2804 (9.4351)
Epoch:[1736][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8308 (9.4599)
Epoch:[1736][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2082 (9.4451)
Epoch:[1736][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8872 (9.4696)
epoch 1736 finished, takes 33.46702766418457 seconds
Epoch:[1737][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2700 (9.2700)
Epoch:[1737][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0231 (9.1465)
Epoch:[1737][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0435 (9.4455)
Epoch:[1737][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3443 (9.4202)
Epoch:[1737][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3672 (9.4096)
Epoch:[1737][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5026 (9.4251)
Epoch:[1737][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2790 (9.5471)
Epoch:[1737][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5848 (9.5518)
Epoch:[1737][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1171 (9.5035)
Epoch:[1737][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4941 (9.5026)
Epoch:[1737][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3036 (9.4845)
Epoch:[1737][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5922 (9.4935)
Epoch:[1737][12/18]	Time 1.53 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4025 (9.4865)
Epoch:[1737][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7256 (9.5036)
Epoch:[1737][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7902 (9.5227)
Epoch:[1737][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0841 (9.4953)
Epoch:[1737][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3462 (9.4865)
Epoch:[1737][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6467 (9.4954)
epoch 1737 finished, takes 32.804896116256714 seconds
Epoch:[1738][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8790 (9.8790)
Epoch:[1738][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2799 (9.5794)
Epoch:[1738][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4540 (9.5376)
Epoch:[1738][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6862 (9.5748)
Epoch:[1738][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3942 (9.5387)
Epoch:[1738][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7837 (9.5795)
Epoch:[1738][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6547 (9.5902)
Epoch:[1738][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3517 (9.6854)
Epoch:[1738][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3606 (9.6493)
Epoch:[1738][ 9/18]	Time 1.59 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2409 (9.6085)
Epoch:[1738][10/18]	Time 2.21 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2052 (9.5718)
Epoch:[1738][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5026 (9.5660)
Epoch:[1738][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3458 (9.5491)
Epoch:[1738][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4234 (9.5401)
Epoch:[1738][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7890 (9.5567)
Epoch:[1738][15/18]	Time 2.39 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4274 (9.5486)
Epoch:[1738][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6381 (9.5539)
Epoch:[1738][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3815 (9.5443)
epoch 1738 finished, takes 34.498324394226074 seconds
Epoch:[1739][ 0/18]	Time 1.60 (1.60)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9442 (9.9442)
Epoch:[1739][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3421 (9.6432)
Epoch:[1739][ 2/18]	Time 2.29 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6478 (9.6447)
Epoch:[1739][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0698 (9.7510)
Epoch:[1739][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2726 (9.6553)
Epoch:[1739][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9728 (9.7082)
Epoch:[1739][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2063 (9.6365)
Epoch:[1739][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3120 (9.5960)
Epoch:[1739][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1974 (9.5517)
Epoch:[1739][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2224 (9.5187)
Epoch:[1739][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3891 (9.5070)
Epoch:[1739][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6934 (9.5225)
Epoch:[1739][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5351 (9.5235)
Epoch:[1739][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2752 (9.5057)
Epoch:[1739][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0630 (9.4762)
Epoch:[1739][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0378 (9.5113)
Epoch:[1739][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5664 (9.5146)
Epoch:[1739][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5508 (9.5166)
epoch 1739 finished, takes 33.86878418922424 seconds
Epoch:[1740][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2745 (9.2745)
Epoch:[1740][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2222 (9.7483)
Epoch:[1740][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0742 (9.5236)
Epoch:[1740][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3262 (9.4743)
Epoch:[1740][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5882 (9.4971)
Epoch:[1740][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4541 (9.4899)
Epoch:[1740][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6583 (9.5140)
Epoch:[1740][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6490 (9.5308)
Epoch:[1740][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6218 (9.5409)
Epoch:[1740][ 9/18]	Time 2.18 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4055 (9.5274)
Epoch:[1740][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2880 (9.5056)
Epoch:[1740][11/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0458 (9.5506)
Epoch:[1740][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0098 (9.5860)
Epoch:[1740][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2295 (9.5605)
Epoch:[1740][14/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7179 (9.5710)
Epoch:[1740][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1222 (9.5429)
Epoch:[1740][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1641 (9.5207)
Epoch:[1740][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8070 (9.5366)
epoch 1740 finished, takes 34.221142292022705 seconds
Epoch:[1741][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1426 (9.1426)
Epoch:[1741][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6533 (9.3980)
Epoch:[1741][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2389 (9.3450)
Epoch:[1741][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3450 (9.3450)
Epoch:[1741][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3170 (9.3394)
Epoch:[1741][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7999 (9.4161)
Epoch:[1741][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4920 (9.4270)
Epoch:[1741][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7022 (9.4614)
Epoch:[1741][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2980 (9.4432)
Epoch:[1741][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1381 (9.5127)
Epoch:[1741][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3463 (9.4976)
Epoch:[1741][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3025 (9.4813)
Epoch:[1741][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8056 (9.5063)
Epoch:[1741][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0655 (9.4748)
Epoch:[1741][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4263 (9.4716)
Epoch:[1741][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8307 (9.4940)
Epoch:[1741][16/18]	Time 2.25 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6920 (9.5056)
Epoch:[1741][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5858 (9.5101)
epoch 1741 finished, takes 33.87399983406067 seconds
Epoch:[1742][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8324 (9.8324)
Epoch:[1742][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3955 (9.6140)
Epoch:[1742][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5178 (9.5819)
Epoch:[1742][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7285 (9.6185)
Epoch:[1742][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5290 (9.6006)
Epoch:[1742][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5010 (9.5840)
Epoch:[1742][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2355 (9.5342)
Epoch:[1742][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4192 (9.5199)
Epoch:[1742][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7126 (9.5413)
Epoch:[1742][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6979 (9.4569)
Epoch:[1742][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5939 (9.4694)
Epoch:[1742][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3327 (9.4580)
Epoch:[1742][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4174 (9.4549)
Epoch:[1742][13/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0561 (9.4978)
Epoch:[1742][14/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5088 (9.4986)
Epoch:[1742][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3677 (9.4904)
Epoch:[1742][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2642 (9.4771)
Epoch:[1742][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5680 (9.4821)
epoch 1742 finished, takes 33.58942937850952 seconds
Epoch:[1743][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6303 (9.6303)
Epoch:[1743][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7116 (9.6709)
Epoch:[1743][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9385 (9.7601)
Epoch:[1743][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6524 (9.7332)
Epoch:[1743][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4914 (9.8848)
Epoch:[1743][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2142 (9.7731)
Epoch:[1743][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3615 (9.7143)
Epoch:[1743][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9610 (9.6201)
Epoch:[1743][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4614 (9.6025)
Epoch:[1743][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7943 (9.6217)
Epoch:[1743][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6248 (9.6219)
Epoch:[1743][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1494 (9.5826)
Epoch:[1743][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4363 (9.5713)
Epoch:[1743][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2771 (9.5503)
Epoch:[1743][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8339 (9.5692)
Epoch:[1743][15/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6193 (9.5723)
Epoch:[1743][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4550 (9.5654)
Epoch:[1743][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6606 (9.5707)
epoch 1743 finished, takes 33.37999701499939 seconds
Epoch:[1744][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5214 (9.5214)
Epoch:[1744][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2936 (9.4075)
Epoch:[1744][ 2/18]	Time 2.16 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0243 (9.6131)
Epoch:[1744][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6104 (9.6124)
Epoch:[1744][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5958 (9.6091)
Epoch:[1744][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7316 (9.6295)
Epoch:[1744][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7308 (9.6440)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5599856963916203  precision:  0.6083643338560647  f1:  0.5058144484070318 perclass recall:  [0.98977894 0.7402746  0.74607535 0.18912176 0.13467783]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7456749899106963  precision:  0.7645872431718364  f1:  0.7463125420477611 perclass recall:  [0.95201038 0.61875    0.796875   0.75736961 0.67594937 0.71253071
 0.761079   0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.703393612253742  precision:  0.7017447341476976  f1:  0.6901681551476933 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96399457 0.96899225 0.42366412 0.89848485 0.52109181]
Epoch:[1744][ 7/18]	Time 12.24 (3.21)	Data 10.27 (1.28)	Loss 9.4726 (9.6225)
Epoch:[1744][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (3.05)	Data 0.00 (1.14)	Loss 9.2811 (9.5846)
Epoch:[1744][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (2.91)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.3968 (9.5658)
Epoch:[1744][10/18]	Time 1.81 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.93)	Loss 9.6650 (9.5749)
Epoch:[1744][11/18]	Time 1.81 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.4820 (9.5671)
Epoch:[1744][12/18]	Time 2.25 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.4563 (9.5586)
Epoch:[1744][13/18]	Time 1.81 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.73)	Loss 9.6675 (9.5664)
Epoch:[1744][14/18]	Time 2.09 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.5148 (9.5629)
Epoch:[1744][15/18]	Time 1.89 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.5184 (9.5602)
Epoch:[1744][16/18]	Time 1.89 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 10.2316 (9.5997)
Epoch:[1744][17/18]	Time 1.77 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.0612 (9.5697)
epoch 1744 finished, takes 44.45195198059082 seconds
Epoch:[1745][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1693 (9.1693)
Epoch:[1745][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9034 (9.5363)
Epoch:[1745][ 2/18]	Time 1.50 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2300 (9.4342)
Epoch:[1745][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6850 (9.4969)
Epoch:[1745][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7703 (9.5516)
Epoch:[1745][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6338 (9.5653)
Epoch:[1745][ 6/18]	Time 1.63 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1472 (9.5056)
Epoch:[1745][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7580 (9.5371)
Epoch:[1745][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2876 (9.5094)
Epoch:[1745][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5186 (9.5103)
Epoch:[1745][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4497 (9.5048)
Epoch:[1745][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9793 (9.5444)
Epoch:[1745][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2131 (9.5189)
Epoch:[1745][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9945 (9.5528)
Epoch:[1745][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6391 (9.5586)
Epoch:[1745][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8491 (9.5768)
Epoch:[1745][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9044 (9.5960)
Epoch:[1745][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4847 (9.5898)
epoch 1745 finished, takes 33.91784858703613 seconds
Epoch:[1746][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5892 (9.5892)
Epoch:[1746][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4989 (9.5441)
Epoch:[1746][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9341 (9.6741)
Epoch:[1746][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1956 (9.5545)
Epoch:[1746][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2662 (9.4968)
Epoch:[1746][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3752 (9.4765)
Epoch:[1746][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8967 (9.5366)
Epoch:[1746][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8881 (9.5805)
Epoch:[1746][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9332 (9.6197)
Epoch:[1746][ 9/18]	Time 1.58 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6599 (9.6237)
Epoch:[1746][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0646 (9.5729)
Epoch:[1746][11/18]	Time 2.13 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2334 (9.5446)
Epoch:[1746][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2300 (9.5204)
Epoch:[1746][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4673 (9.5166)
Epoch:[1746][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0736 (9.4871)
Epoch:[1746][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0781 (9.4615)
Epoch:[1746][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5744 (9.4681)
Epoch:[1746][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6212 (9.4767)
epoch 1746 finished, takes 33.2532753944397 seconds
Epoch:[1747][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9952 (8.9952)
Epoch:[1747][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7608 (9.3780)
Epoch:[1747][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4571 (9.4044)
Epoch:[1747][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4020 (9.4038)
Epoch:[1747][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3601 (9.3950)
Epoch:[1747][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6444 (9.4366)
Epoch:[1747][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0003 (9.3743)
Epoch:[1747][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4046 (9.3781)
Epoch:[1747][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6690 (9.4104)
Epoch:[1747][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9119 (9.4605)
Epoch:[1747][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2197 (9.4386)
Epoch:[1747][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4884 (9.4428)
Epoch:[1747][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6323 (9.4574)
Epoch:[1747][13/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9728 (9.4942)
Epoch:[1747][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0138 (9.4622)
Epoch:[1747][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7840 (9.4198)
Epoch:[1747][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5356 (9.4266)
Epoch:[1747][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3616 (9.4230)
epoch 1747 finished, takes 33.96818232536316 seconds
Epoch:[1748][ 0/18]	Time 2.14 (2.14)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7040 (9.7040)
Epoch:[1748][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3970 (9.5505)
Epoch:[1748][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7130 (9.6047)
Epoch:[1748][ 3/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2354 (9.5124)
Epoch:[1748][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7322 (9.5563)
Epoch:[1748][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2115 (9.4988)
Epoch:[1748][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2424 (9.4622)
Epoch:[1748][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5002 (9.4670)
Epoch:[1748][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8639 (9.5111)
Epoch:[1748][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5580 (9.5158)
Epoch:[1748][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6051 (9.5239)
Epoch:[1748][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1611 (9.4936)
Epoch:[1748][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6528 (9.5059)
Epoch:[1748][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5552 (9.5094)
Epoch:[1748][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6955 (9.5218)
Epoch:[1748][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5534 (9.5238)
Epoch:[1748][16/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6546 (9.5315)
Epoch:[1748][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6555 (9.5384)
epoch 1748 finished, takes 34.19491124153137 seconds
Epoch:[1749][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7745 (9.7745)
Epoch:[1749][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2846 (9.5295)
Epoch:[1749][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9406 (9.6666)
Epoch:[1749][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5953 (9.6487)
Epoch:[1749][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3076 (9.5805)
Epoch:[1749][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8883 (9.4651)
Epoch:[1749][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4208 (9.4588)
Epoch:[1749][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4015 (9.4517)
Epoch:[1749][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3532 (9.4407)
Epoch:[1749][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3552 (9.4322)
Epoch:[1749][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8398 (9.4692)
Epoch:[1749][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6778 (9.4033)
Epoch:[1749][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1941 (9.4641)
Epoch:[1749][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4123 (9.4604)
Epoch:[1749][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2518 (9.5132)
Epoch:[1749][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6027 (9.5188)
Epoch:[1749][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6973 (9.5293)
Epoch:[1749][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4839 (9.5267)
epoch 1749 finished, takes 33.263110399246216 seconds
Epoch:[1750][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0382 (9.0382)
Epoch:[1750][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6180 (9.3281)
Epoch:[1750][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6656 (9.4406)
Epoch:[1750][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2847 (9.4016)
Epoch:[1750][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8481 (9.4909)
Epoch:[1750][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5541 (9.5015)
Epoch:[1750][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2640 (9.4675)
Epoch:[1750][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5629 (9.4795)
Epoch:[1750][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7399 (9.5084)
Epoch:[1750][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6649 (9.5240)
Epoch:[1750][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5171 (9.5234)
Epoch:[1750][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8396 (9.5498)
Epoch:[1750][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6037 (9.5539)
Epoch:[1750][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3557 (9.6112)
Epoch:[1750][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4431 (9.6000)
Epoch:[1750][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4285 (9.5893)
Epoch:[1750][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8487 (9.6045)
Epoch:[1750][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8581 (9.6186)
epoch 1750 finished, takes 34.001184940338135 seconds
Epoch:[1751][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6998 (9.6998)
Epoch:[1751][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4043 (9.5520)
Epoch:[1751][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5330 (9.5457)
Epoch:[1751][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0090 (9.4115)
Epoch:[1751][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5179 (9.4328)
Epoch:[1751][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0291 (9.3655)
Epoch:[1751][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7061 (9.4142)
Epoch:[1751][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4014 (9.4126)
Epoch:[1751][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6169 (9.4353)
Epoch:[1751][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8337 (9.4751)
Epoch:[1751][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4271 (9.4708)
Epoch:[1751][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0485 (9.5189)
Epoch:[1751][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9108 (9.5491)
Epoch:[1751][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4207 (9.5399)
Epoch:[1751][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2991 (9.5238)
Epoch:[1751][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8841 (9.5464)
Epoch:[1751][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6122 (9.5502)
Epoch:[1751][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4867 (9.5467)
epoch 1751 finished, takes 33.854204177856445 seconds
Epoch:[1752][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3939 (9.3939)
Epoch:[1752][ 1/18]	Time 1.58 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2322 (9.3131)
Epoch:[1752][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8324 (9.4862)
Epoch:[1752][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6575 (9.5290)
Epoch:[1752][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6595 (9.5551)
Epoch:[1752][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5681 (9.5573)
Epoch:[1752][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5670 (9.5587)
Epoch:[1752][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0854 (9.4995)
Epoch:[1752][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4735 (9.4966)
Epoch:[1752][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5404 (9.5010)
Epoch:[1752][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5659 (9.5069)
Epoch:[1752][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2850 (9.4884)
Epoch:[1752][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5462 (9.4929)
Epoch:[1752][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3567 (9.4831)
Epoch:[1752][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6841 (9.4965)
Epoch:[1752][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5902 (9.5024)
Epoch:[1752][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9530 (9.4701)
Epoch:[1752][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9296 (9.4956)
epoch 1752 finished, takes 33.18896842002869 seconds
Epoch:[1753][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2333 (9.2333)
Epoch:[1753][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4187 (9.3260)
Epoch:[1753][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3684 (9.3401)
Epoch:[1753][ 3/18]	Time 1.57 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0946 (9.2787)
Epoch:[1753][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9567 (9.4143)
Epoch:[1753][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5665 (9.4397)
Epoch:[1753][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4526 (9.4415)
Epoch:[1753][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8079 (9.4873)
Epoch:[1753][ 8/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3969 (9.4773)
Epoch:[1753][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4127 (9.4708)
Epoch:[1753][10/18]	Time 2.22 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7357 (9.4949)
Epoch:[1753][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4760 (9.4933)
Epoch:[1753][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5104 (9.4946)
Epoch:[1753][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6386 (9.5049)
Epoch:[1753][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6516 (9.5147)
Epoch:[1753][15/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3809 (9.5063)
Epoch:[1753][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4381 (9.5023)
Epoch:[1753][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7087 (9.5138)
epoch 1753 finished, takes 33.70727610588074 seconds
Epoch:[1754][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1117 (9.1117)
Epoch:[1754][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7097 (9.4107)
Epoch:[1754][ 2/18]	Time 2.20 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4719 (9.4311)
Epoch:[1754][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4273 (9.4301)
Epoch:[1754][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7099 (9.4861)
Epoch:[1754][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2007 (9.4385)
Epoch:[1754][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0083 (9.5199)
Epoch:[1754][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7153 (9.5443)
Epoch:[1754][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4111 (9.5295)
Epoch:[1754][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6827 (9.5449)
Epoch:[1754][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4018 (9.5319)
Epoch:[1754][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3365 (9.5156)
Epoch:[1754][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3758 (9.5048)
Epoch:[1754][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7853 (9.5249)
Epoch:[1754][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1504 (9.4999)
Epoch:[1754][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3228 (9.4888)
Epoch:[1754][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1359 (9.4681)
Epoch:[1754][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5059 (9.4702)
epoch 1754 finished, takes 34.04994082450867 seconds
Epoch:[1755][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1814 (9.1814)
Epoch:[1755][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4638 (9.3226)
Epoch:[1755][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6868 (9.4440)
Epoch:[1755][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6096 (9.4854)
Epoch:[1755][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3111 (9.4505)
Epoch:[1755][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4144 (9.4445)
Epoch:[1755][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3584 (9.4322)
Epoch:[1755][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3512 (9.4221)
Epoch:[1755][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7242 (9.4557)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5599525153159043  precision:  0.607348010939923  f1:  0.5055730153037192 perclass recall:  [0.98977894 0.74013158 0.74607535 0.18995343 0.13382328]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.745503627062859  precision:  0.76379125787442  f1:  0.7470043608797492 perclass recall:  [0.95590143 0.62916667 0.796875   0.75510204 0.68101266 0.69287469
 0.75722543 0.6958711 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7050985745119872  precision:  0.7071730049550323  f1:  0.6934395433609838 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96399457 0.96744186 0.42175573 0.8969697  0.52791563]
Epoch:[1755][ 9/18]	Time 12.60 (2.90)	Data 10.58 (1.06)	Loss 9.3917 (9.4493)
Epoch:[1755][10/18]	Time 1.82 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 9.6868 (9.4709)
Epoch:[1755][11/18]	Time 1.78 (2.72)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 9.3158 (9.4579)
Epoch:[1755][12/18]	Time 1.89 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 9.5901 (9.4681)
Epoch:[1755][13/18]	Time 1.82 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 9.8094 (9.4925)
Epoch:[1755][14/18]	Time 1.95 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 9.3207 (9.4810)
Epoch:[1755][15/18]	Time 1.89 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.6035 (9.4887)
Epoch:[1755][16/18]	Time 1.84 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.5072 (9.4898)
Epoch:[1755][17/18]	Time 1.83 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.6985 (9.5014)
epoch 1755 finished, takes 43.867664098739624 seconds
Epoch:[1756][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4898 (9.4898)
Epoch:[1756][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1202 (9.3050)
Epoch:[1756][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4518 (9.3539)
Epoch:[1756][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9221 (9.4960)
Epoch:[1756][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8677 (9.3703)
Epoch:[1756][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6389 (9.4151)
Epoch:[1756][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6172 (9.4440)
Epoch:[1756][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2931 (9.4251)
Epoch:[1756][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2138 (9.4016)
Epoch:[1756][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5661 (9.4181)
Epoch:[1756][10/18]	Time 1.59 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3905 (9.4156)
Epoch:[1756][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2858 (9.4048)
Epoch:[1756][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5355 (9.4148)
Epoch:[1756][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6384 (9.4308)
Epoch:[1756][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0207 (9.4034)
Epoch:[1756][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8480 (9.4312)
Epoch:[1756][16/18]	Time 2.14 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3731 (9.4278)
Epoch:[1756][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8941 (9.4537)
epoch 1756 finished, takes 33.12403225898743 seconds
Epoch:[1757][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2889 (9.2889)
Epoch:[1757][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4405 (9.3647)
Epoch:[1757][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7386 (9.4893)
Epoch:[1757][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8647 (9.5832)
Epoch:[1757][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4933 (9.5652)
Epoch:[1757][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5093 (9.5559)
Epoch:[1757][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5882 (9.5605)
Epoch:[1757][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0628 (9.6233)
Epoch:[1757][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9387 (9.6583)
Epoch:[1757][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1040 (9.7029)
Epoch:[1757][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3713 (9.6727)
Epoch:[1757][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7517 (9.6793)
Epoch:[1757][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1132 (9.7127)
Epoch:[1757][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7622 (9.7162)
Epoch:[1757][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2554 (9.6855)
Epoch:[1757][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2637 (9.6592)
Epoch:[1757][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8428 (9.6700)
Epoch:[1757][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3637 (9.6529)
epoch 1757 finished, takes 33.57656788825989 seconds
Epoch:[1758][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8656 (9.8656)
Epoch:[1758][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0567 (9.9611)
Epoch:[1758][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3660 (9.7628)
Epoch:[1758][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2662 (9.6386)
Epoch:[1758][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8466 (9.6802)
Epoch:[1758][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1824 (9.5972)
Epoch:[1758][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6976 (9.6116)
Epoch:[1758][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9783 (9.6574)
Epoch:[1758][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2949 (9.6171)
Epoch:[1758][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0392 (9.5593)
Epoch:[1758][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8429 (9.5851)
Epoch:[1758][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6382 (9.5895)
Epoch:[1758][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3853 (9.5738)
Epoch:[1758][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1960 (9.5468)
Epoch:[1758][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8538 (9.5673)
Epoch:[1758][15/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6761 (9.5741)
Epoch:[1758][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7442 (9.5841)
Epoch:[1758][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1648 (9.5608)
epoch 1758 finished, takes 33.98232293128967 seconds
Epoch:[1759][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4799 (9.4799)
Epoch:[1759][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7757 (9.6278)
Epoch:[1759][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5846 (9.6134)
Epoch:[1759][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6979 (9.6346)
Epoch:[1759][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5560 (9.6189)
Epoch:[1759][ 5/18]	Time 1.61 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3239 (9.5697)
Epoch:[1759][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6563 (9.5821)
Epoch:[1759][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4341 (9.5636)
Epoch:[1759][ 8/18]	Time 1.58 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8905 (9.5999)
Epoch:[1759][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0216 (9.5421)
Epoch:[1759][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3346 (9.5232)
Epoch:[1759][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5790 (9.5278)
Epoch:[1759][12/18]	Time 2.12 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6035 (9.5337)
Epoch:[1759][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8090 (9.5533)
Epoch:[1759][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8623 (9.5739)
Epoch:[1759][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5686 (9.5736)
Epoch:[1759][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2171 (9.5526)
Epoch:[1759][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1030 (9.5277)
epoch 1759 finished, takes 33.144041299819946 seconds
Epoch:[1760][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7742 (9.7742)
Epoch:[1760][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2758 (9.5250)
Epoch:[1760][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5406 (9.5302)
Epoch:[1760][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8335 (9.6060)
Epoch:[1760][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8950 (9.6638)
Epoch:[1760][ 5/18]	Time 1.62 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8687 (9.6980)
Epoch:[1760][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7365 (9.7035)
Epoch:[1760][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6450 (9.6962)
Epoch:[1760][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4165 (9.6651)
Epoch:[1760][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3027 (9.6289)
Epoch:[1760][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8278 (9.5560)
Epoch:[1760][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5597 (9.5563)
Epoch:[1760][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6103 (9.5605)
Epoch:[1760][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4157 (9.5501)
Epoch:[1760][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9953 (9.5132)
Epoch:[1760][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0232 (9.4825)
Epoch:[1760][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5572 (9.4869)
Epoch:[1760][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3963 (9.4819)
epoch 1760 finished, takes 33.80970072746277 seconds
Epoch:[1761][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1661 (9.1661)
Epoch:[1761][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1611 (9.1636)
Epoch:[1761][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3235 (9.2169)
Epoch:[1761][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5349 (9.2964)
Epoch:[1761][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4481 (9.3267)
Epoch:[1761][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7520 (9.3976)
Epoch:[1761][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4286 (9.4020)
Epoch:[1761][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7650 (9.4474)
Epoch:[1761][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6283 (9.4675)
Epoch:[1761][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4938 (9.4701)
Epoch:[1761][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9167 (9.5107)
Epoch:[1761][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6491 (9.5223)
Epoch:[1761][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2791 (9.5036)
Epoch:[1761][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3555 (9.4930)
Epoch:[1761][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8330 (9.5157)
Epoch:[1761][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7188 (9.5283)
Epoch:[1761][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6694 (9.5366)
Epoch:[1761][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2464 (9.5761)
epoch 1761 finished, takes 34.10321116447449 seconds
Epoch:[1762][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9140 (9.9140)
Epoch:[1762][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7315 (9.8227)
Epoch:[1762][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3468 (9.6641)
Epoch:[1762][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2498 (9.5605)
Epoch:[1762][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4567 (9.5398)
Epoch:[1762][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6007 (9.5499)
Epoch:[1762][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7410 (9.5772)
Epoch:[1762][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2787 (9.5399)
Epoch:[1762][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1061 (9.4917)
Epoch:[1762][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9864 (9.5412)
Epoch:[1762][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3875 (9.5272)
Epoch:[1762][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7240 (9.5436)
Epoch:[1762][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3174 (9.5262)
Epoch:[1762][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7602 (9.5429)
Epoch:[1762][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9975 (9.5732)
Epoch:[1762][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4002 (9.5624)
Epoch:[1762][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9406 (9.5847)
Epoch:[1762][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8219 (9.5978)
epoch 1762 finished, takes 33.41121459007263 seconds
Epoch:[1763][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6082 (9.6082)
Epoch:[1763][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2670 (9.4376)
Epoch:[1763][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6723 (9.5158)
Epoch:[1763][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4499 (9.4993)
Epoch:[1763][ 4/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4964 (9.4987)
Epoch:[1763][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4881 (9.4970)
Epoch:[1763][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5348 (9.5024)
Epoch:[1763][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7769 (9.5367)
Epoch:[1763][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3938 (9.5208)
Epoch:[1763][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6787 (9.5366)
Epoch:[1763][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3664 (9.5211)
Epoch:[1763][11/18]	Time 1.63 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1925 (9.4938)
Epoch:[1763][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6412 (9.5051)
Epoch:[1763][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4967 (9.5045)
Epoch:[1763][14/18]	Time 1.59 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0909 (9.4769)
Epoch:[1763][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5237 (9.4799)
Epoch:[1763][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2936 (9.4689)
Epoch:[1763][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5808 (9.4751)
epoch 1763 finished, takes 33.56158757209778 seconds
Epoch:[1764][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4107 (9.4107)
Epoch:[1764][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1449 (9.2778)
Epoch:[1764][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7342 (9.0966)
Epoch:[1764][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.01 (0.00)	Loss 9.9941 (9.3210)
Epoch:[1764][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4585 (9.3485)
Epoch:[1764][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0291 (9.4619)
Epoch:[1764][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8918 (9.5233)
Epoch:[1764][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8792 (9.4428)
Epoch:[1764][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0580 (9.4000)
Epoch:[1764][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3373 (9.3938)
Epoch:[1764][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1960 (9.3758)
Epoch:[1764][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0539 (9.3490)
Epoch:[1764][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3425 (9.3485)
Epoch:[1764][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4460 (9.3554)
Epoch:[1764][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5905 (9.3711)
Epoch:[1764][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6427 (9.3881)
Epoch:[1764][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5026 (9.3948)
Epoch:[1764][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9713 (9.4268)
epoch 1764 finished, takes 33.10483002662659 seconds
Epoch:[1765][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3402 (10.3402)
Epoch:[1765][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5773 (9.9587)
Epoch:[1765][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8535 (9.9236)
Epoch:[1765][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8764 (9.9118)
Epoch:[1765][ 4/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8721 (9.9039)
Epoch:[1765][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3649 (9.8141)
Epoch:[1765][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0825 (9.7095)
Epoch:[1765][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2583 (9.6531)
Epoch:[1765][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1575 (9.5981)
Epoch:[1765][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2637 (9.5646)
Epoch:[1765][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3929 (9.5490)
Epoch:[1765][11/18]	Time 1.62 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1893 (9.5190)
Epoch:[1765][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6709 (9.5307)
Epoch:[1765][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7554 (9.5468)
Epoch:[1765][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4796 (9.5423)
Epoch:[1765][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7132 (9.5530)
Epoch:[1765][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8805 (9.5722)
Epoch:[1765][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8734 (9.5890)
epoch 1765 finished, takes 33.862369775772095 seconds
Epoch:[1766][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1625 (9.1625)
Epoch:[1766][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6736 (9.4180)
Epoch:[1766][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9948 (9.6103)
Epoch:[1766][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5746 (9.6014)
Epoch:[1766][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3858 (9.5583)
Epoch:[1766][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6027 (9.5657)
Epoch:[1766][ 6/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3292 (9.5319)
Epoch:[1766][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9499 (9.5841)
Epoch:[1766][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5081 (9.5757)
Epoch:[1766][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3785 (9.5560)
Epoch:[1766][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3569 (9.5379)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5593647494466922  precision:  0.6071961445057565  f1:  0.5045473959527962 perclass recall:  [0.98977894 0.7409897  0.74568289 0.18945442 0.13091779]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7476226288630694  precision:  0.7670713693300958  f1:  0.7488482978141178 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.63125    0.796875   0.76643991 0.67341772 0.71253071
 0.75337187 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7048298927622928  precision:  0.7061003317616484  f1:  0.6926188068312856 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96263587 0.96899225 0.42557252 0.89848485 0.5235732 ]
Epoch:[1766][11/18]	Time 12.43 (2.75)	Data 10.31 (0.86)	Loss 9.3401 (9.5214)
Epoch:[1766][12/18]	Time 1.83 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.4560 (9.5164)
Epoch:[1766][13/18]	Time 1.81 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.3667 (9.5057)
Epoch:[1766][14/18]	Time 1.79 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.8561 (9.5290)
Epoch:[1766][15/18]	Time 1.85 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.3294 (9.5166)
Epoch:[1766][16/18]	Time 1.92 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.2492 (9.5008)
Epoch:[1766][17/18]	Time 1.61 (2.43)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.2798 (9.4885)
epoch 1766 finished, takes 43.793859243392944 seconds
Epoch:[1767][ 0/18]	Time 1.60 (1.60)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2895 (9.2895)
Epoch:[1767][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4329 (9.3612)
Epoch:[1767][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0304 (9.5843)
Epoch:[1767][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4251 (9.5445)
Epoch:[1767][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1871 (9.4730)
Epoch:[1767][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2481 (9.4355)
Epoch:[1767][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4862 (9.4428)
Epoch:[1767][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9460 (9.5057)
Epoch:[1767][ 8/18]	Time 2.21 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4752 (9.5023)
Epoch:[1767][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1549 (9.4675)
Epoch:[1767][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6620 (9.4852)
Epoch:[1767][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9725 (9.4425)
Epoch:[1767][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4705 (9.4446)
Epoch:[1767][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8250 (9.4718)
Epoch:[1767][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1170 (9.5148)
Epoch:[1767][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7108 (9.5271)
Epoch:[1767][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6444 (9.5340)
Epoch:[1767][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7086 (9.5437)
epoch 1767 finished, takes 33.29109477996826 seconds
Epoch:[1768][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6076 (9.6076)
Epoch:[1768][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3284 (9.4680)
Epoch:[1768][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0415 (9.3258)
Epoch:[1768][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3308 (9.3271)
Epoch:[1768][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5061 (9.3629)
Epoch:[1768][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9485 (9.4605)
Epoch:[1768][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4650 (9.4611)
Epoch:[1768][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2592 (9.4359)
Epoch:[1768][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5450 (9.4480)
Epoch:[1768][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8005 (9.4832)
Epoch:[1768][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9501 (9.5257)
Epoch:[1768][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5334 (9.5263)
Epoch:[1768][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2322 (9.5037)
Epoch:[1768][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0342 (9.5416)
Epoch:[1768][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4179 (9.5333)
Epoch:[1768][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4453 (9.5278)
Epoch:[1768][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5754 (9.5306)
Epoch:[1768][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5979 (9.5344)
epoch 1768 finished, takes 34.00669598579407 seconds
Epoch:[1769][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5387 (9.5387)
Epoch:[1769][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0272 (9.7830)
Epoch:[1769][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7591 (9.7750)
Epoch:[1769][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5690 (9.7235)
Epoch:[1769][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3333 (9.6455)
Epoch:[1769][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3122 (9.5899)
Epoch:[1769][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1750 (9.5307)
Epoch:[1769][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7796 (9.5618)
Epoch:[1769][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0020 (9.6107)
Epoch:[1769][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3281 (9.5824)
Epoch:[1769][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3295 (9.5594)
Epoch:[1769][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4073 (9.5468)
Epoch:[1769][12/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3778 (9.5338)
Epoch:[1769][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0257 (9.4975)
Epoch:[1769][14/18]	Time 1.63 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4492 (9.4943)
Epoch:[1769][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4974 (9.4945)
Epoch:[1769][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7480 (9.5094)
Epoch:[1769][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1338 (9.4885)
epoch 1769 finished, takes 33.914562463760376 seconds
Epoch:[1770][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3028 (9.3028)
Epoch:[1770][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2361 (9.2695)
Epoch:[1770][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3730 (9.3040)
Epoch:[1770][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5680 (9.3700)
Epoch:[1770][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3568 (9.3673)
Epoch:[1770][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8385 (9.4459)
Epoch:[1770][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2332 (9.4155)
Epoch:[1770][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2035 (9.3890)
Epoch:[1770][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2415 (9.3726)
Epoch:[1770][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3665 (9.3720)
Epoch:[1770][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9629 (9.4257)
Epoch:[1770][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7277 (9.4509)
Epoch:[1770][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8759 (9.4836)
Epoch:[1770][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6298 (9.4940)
Epoch:[1770][14/18]	Time 2.22 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2877 (9.4803)
Epoch:[1770][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8142 (9.5011)
Epoch:[1770][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4927 (9.5006)
Epoch:[1770][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3860 (9.4943)
epoch 1770 finished, takes 33.65180706977844 seconds
Epoch:[1771][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7193 (9.7193)
Epoch:[1771][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4277 (9.5735)
Epoch:[1771][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5288 (9.5586)
Epoch:[1771][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1248 (9.4501)
Epoch:[1771][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4247 (9.4451)
Epoch:[1771][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1878 (9.4022)
Epoch:[1771][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2334 (9.3781)
Epoch:[1771][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7946 (9.4301)
Epoch:[1771][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2947 (9.4151)
Epoch:[1771][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0324 (9.3768)
Epoch:[1771][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5154 (9.3894)
Epoch:[1771][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8617 (9.4288)
Epoch:[1771][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5365 (9.4371)
Epoch:[1771][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3721 (9.4324)
Epoch:[1771][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3586 (9.4275)
Epoch:[1771][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5849 (9.4373)
Epoch:[1771][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2300 (9.4251)
Epoch:[1771][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7192 (9.4415)
epoch 1771 finished, takes 34.002904653549194 seconds
Epoch:[1772][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1774 (9.1774)
Epoch:[1772][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3963 (9.2869)
Epoch:[1772][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0240 (9.1992)
Epoch:[1772][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1280 (9.1814)
Epoch:[1772][ 4/18]	Time 2.19 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7183 (9.2888)
Epoch:[1772][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7073 (9.3586)
Epoch:[1772][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1151 (9.3238)
Epoch:[1772][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8027 (9.3836)
Epoch:[1772][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8765 (9.3273)
Epoch:[1772][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3770 (9.3323)
Epoch:[1772][10/18]	Time 1.58 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5772 (9.3545)
Epoch:[1772][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8993 (9.3166)
Epoch:[1772][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6372 (9.3413)
Epoch:[1772][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2756 (9.3366)
Epoch:[1772][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3031 (9.3343)
Epoch:[1772][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4221 (9.3398)
Epoch:[1772][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9754 (9.3184)
Epoch:[1772][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1306 (9.3079)
epoch 1772 finished, takes 32.85685586929321 seconds
Epoch:[1773][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3840 (9.3840)
Epoch:[1773][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5384 (9.4612)
Epoch:[1773][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6716 (9.5313)
Epoch:[1773][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8467 (9.6102)
Epoch:[1773][ 4/18]	Time 1.63 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6640 (9.6209)
Epoch:[1773][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7506 (9.6425)
Epoch:[1773][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5169 (9.6246)
Epoch:[1773][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7561 (9.6410)
Epoch:[1773][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7336 (9.6513)
Epoch:[1773][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9517 (9.6814)
Epoch:[1773][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6161 (9.6754)
Epoch:[1773][11/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4783 (9.6590)
Epoch:[1773][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6972 (9.6619)
Epoch:[1773][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3155 (9.6372)
Epoch:[1773][14/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9053 (9.5884)
Epoch:[1773][15/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4726 (9.5812)
Epoch:[1773][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9727 (9.5454)
Epoch:[1773][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3397 (9.5339)
epoch 1773 finished, takes 33.53947615623474 seconds
Epoch:[1774][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2908 (9.2908)
Epoch:[1774][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4656 (9.3782)
Epoch:[1774][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4330 (9.3965)
Epoch:[1774][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1514 (9.3352)
Epoch:[1774][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7534 (9.4188)
Epoch:[1774][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6342 (9.4547)
Epoch:[1774][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7294 (9.4940)
Epoch:[1774][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7938 (9.5315)
Epoch:[1774][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9831 (9.4705)
Epoch:[1774][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1474 (9.4382)
Epoch:[1774][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4621 (9.4404)
Epoch:[1774][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6961 (9.4617)
Epoch:[1774][12/18]	Time 2.24 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3550 (9.4535)
Epoch:[1774][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4348 (9.4521)
Epoch:[1774][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1608 (9.4327)
Epoch:[1774][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0207 (9.4695)
Epoch:[1774][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7146 (9.4839)
Epoch:[1774][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4208 (9.4804)
epoch 1774 finished, takes 33.53789448738098 seconds
Epoch:[1775][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4900 (9.4900)
Epoch:[1775][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3765 (9.4332)
Epoch:[1775][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4747 (9.4471)
Epoch:[1775][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3103 (9.4129)
Epoch:[1775][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3055 (9.3914)
Epoch:[1775][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9690 (9.4877)
Epoch:[1775][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9570 (9.5547)
Epoch:[1775][ 7/18]	Time 1.64 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5903 (9.5592)
Epoch:[1775][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2695 (9.5270)
Epoch:[1775][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2788 (9.5022)
Epoch:[1775][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7197 (9.5219)
Epoch:[1775][11/18]	Time 2.19 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4772 (9.5182)
Epoch:[1775][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4288 (9.5113)
Epoch:[1775][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3660 (9.5010)
Epoch:[1775][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4059 (9.4946)
Epoch:[1775][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4867 (9.4941)
Epoch:[1775][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3225 (9.5429)
Epoch:[1775][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7659 (9.4997)
epoch 1775 finished, takes 33.694655656814575 seconds
Epoch:[1776][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0019 (9.0019)
Epoch:[1776][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3254 (9.1637)
Epoch:[1776][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1554 (9.1609)
Epoch:[1776][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6681 (9.2877)
Epoch:[1776][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7317 (9.3765)
Epoch:[1776][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3789 (9.5436)
Epoch:[1776][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2733 (9.5050)
Epoch:[1776][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4236 (9.4948)
Epoch:[1776][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5018 (9.4956)
Epoch:[1776][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9724 (9.4433)
Epoch:[1776][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3469 (9.4345)
Epoch:[1776][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8267 (9.4672)
Epoch:[1776][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5583 (9.4742)
Epoch:[1776][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9152 (9.5057)
Epoch:[1776][14/18]	Time 1.64 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0785 (9.5439)
Epoch:[1776][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0553 (9.5758)
Epoch:[1776][16/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5047 (9.5717)
Epoch:[1776][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.01 (0.00)	Loss 9.2052 (9.5513)
epoch 1776 finished, takes 33.69683599472046 seconds
Epoch:[1777][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5756 (9.5756)
Epoch:[1777][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3608 (9.4682)
Epoch:[1777][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5721 (9.5028)
Epoch:[1777][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6244 (9.5332)
Epoch:[1777][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7240 (9.5713)
Epoch:[1777][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2986 (9.5259)
Epoch:[1777][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4464 (9.5145)
Epoch:[1777][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8021 (9.5505)
Epoch:[1777][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3722 (9.5307)
Epoch:[1777][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8262 (9.5602)
Epoch:[1777][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2365 (9.5308)
Epoch:[1777][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6272 (9.5388)
Epoch:[1777][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9860 (9.4963)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5597528311776405  precision:  0.6071252599234033  f1:  0.505625455154101 perclass recall:  [0.98954124 0.73884439 0.74607535 0.18945442 0.13484874]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7472284047641246  precision:  0.7643442666313076  f1:  0.7483415107949287 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.63333333 0.79910714 0.75736961 0.68101266 0.69287469
 0.76300578 0.6958711 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7066834499286605  precision:  0.7055918677146386  f1:  0.6936857589743477 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96399457 0.96899225 0.43129771 0.89848485 0.51923077]
Epoch:[1777][13/18]	Time 12.65 (2.63)	Data 10.53 (0.75)	Loss 9.5458 (9.4998)
Epoch:[1777][14/18]	Time 1.72 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.2650 (9.4842)
Epoch:[1777][15/18]	Time 1.75 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.4490 (9.4820)
Epoch:[1777][16/18]	Time 1.66 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.3095 (9.4718)
Epoch:[1777][17/18]	Time 1.98 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.5439 (9.4758)
epoch 1777 finished, takes 43.91086673736572 seconds
Epoch:[1778][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4720 (9.4720)
Epoch:[1778][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5603 (9.5161)
Epoch:[1778][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9712 (9.3345)
Epoch:[1778][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9842 (9.4969)
Epoch:[1778][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9649 (9.5905)
Epoch:[1778][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5709 (9.5872)
Epoch:[1778][ 6/18]	Time 1.61 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6541 (9.5968)
Epoch:[1778][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2239 (9.5502)
Epoch:[1778][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6024 (9.5560)
Epoch:[1778][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8820 (9.5886)
Epoch:[1778][10/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7094 (9.5087)
Epoch:[1778][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8213 (9.5347)
Epoch:[1778][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9832 (9.4923)
Epoch:[1778][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4768 (9.4912)
Epoch:[1778][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2710 (9.4765)
Epoch:[1778][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7195 (9.4917)
Epoch:[1778][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5376 (9.4944)
Epoch:[1778][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3469 (9.4862)
epoch 1778 finished, takes 33.62248945236206 seconds
Epoch:[1779][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3597 (9.3597)
Epoch:[1779][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0722 (9.2159)
Epoch:[1779][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2831 (9.2383)
Epoch:[1779][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6817 (9.3492)
Epoch:[1779][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6706 (9.4135)
Epoch:[1779][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5962 (9.4439)
Epoch:[1779][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6185 (9.4689)
Epoch:[1779][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1938 (9.4345)
Epoch:[1779][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7396 (9.4684)
Epoch:[1779][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9498 (9.4165)
Epoch:[1779][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3648 (9.4118)
Epoch:[1779][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6915 (9.3518)
Epoch:[1779][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7253 (9.3805)
Epoch:[1779][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1616 (9.4363)
Epoch:[1779][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6855 (9.4529)
Epoch:[1779][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7472 (9.4713)
Epoch:[1779][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6374 (9.4811)
Epoch:[1779][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8539 (9.5018)
epoch 1779 finished, takes 33.408143520355225 seconds
Epoch:[1780][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7281 (9.7281)
Epoch:[1780][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4971 (9.6126)
Epoch:[1780][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4101 (9.5451)
Epoch:[1780][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8014 (9.6092)
Epoch:[1780][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3870 (9.5647)
Epoch:[1780][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6072 (9.5718)
Epoch:[1780][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3855 (9.5452)
Epoch:[1780][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7708 (9.4484)
Epoch:[1780][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0222 (9.5122)
Epoch:[1780][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5144 (9.5124)
Epoch:[1780][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1518 (9.4796)
Epoch:[1780][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3516 (9.4689)
Epoch:[1780][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6061 (9.4795)
Epoch:[1780][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5275 (9.4829)
Epoch:[1780][14/18]	Time 2.19 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5323 (9.4862)
Epoch:[1780][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8995 (9.4495)
Epoch:[1780][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1736 (9.4333)
Epoch:[1780][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5738 (9.4411)
epoch 1780 finished, takes 33.48335123062134 seconds
Epoch:[1781][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3742 (9.3742)
Epoch:[1781][ 1/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3864 (9.3803)
Epoch:[1781][ 2/18]	Time 1.59 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3651 (9.3752)
Epoch:[1781][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3519 (9.3694)
Epoch:[1781][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9752 (9.2905)
Epoch:[1781][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6295 (9.3470)
Epoch:[1781][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0458 (9.4469)
Epoch:[1781][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4594 (9.4484)
Epoch:[1781][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8981 (9.4984)
Epoch:[1781][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2531 (9.4739)
Epoch:[1781][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6611 (9.4909)
Epoch:[1781][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1459 (9.4621)
Epoch:[1781][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5583 (9.4695)
Epoch:[1781][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6341 (9.4813)
Epoch:[1781][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4771 (9.4810)
Epoch:[1781][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6179 (9.4896)
Epoch:[1781][16/18]	Time 2.29 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6802 (9.5008)
Epoch:[1781][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2230 (9.5409)
epoch 1781 finished, takes 33.99246644973755 seconds
Epoch:[1782][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5773 (9.5773)
Epoch:[1782][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5323 (9.5548)
Epoch:[1782][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9067 (9.6721)
Epoch:[1782][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2360 (9.5631)
Epoch:[1782][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5371 (9.5579)
Epoch:[1782][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5779 (9.5612)
Epoch:[1782][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6176 (9.5693)
Epoch:[1782][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7688 (9.5942)
Epoch:[1782][ 8/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1917 (9.5495)
Epoch:[1782][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1615 (9.6107)
Epoch:[1782][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1543 (9.6601)
Epoch:[1782][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4010 (9.6385)
Epoch:[1782][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6047 (9.6359)
Epoch:[1782][13/18]	Time 2.22 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6372 (9.6360)
Epoch:[1782][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5258 (9.6287)
Epoch:[1782][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4808 (9.6819)
Epoch:[1782][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4088 (9.6659)
Epoch:[1782][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2252 (9.6414)
epoch 1782 finished, takes 33.99233436584473 seconds
Epoch:[1783][ 0/18]	Time 2.21 (2.21)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2266 (9.2266)
Epoch:[1783][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2583 (9.2425)
Epoch:[1783][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7967 (9.4272)
Epoch:[1783][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4096 (9.4228)
Epoch:[1783][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8275 (9.5037)
Epoch:[1783][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1965 (9.4525)
Epoch:[1783][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2523 (9.4239)
Epoch:[1783][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0092 (9.4971)
Epoch:[1783][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2937 (9.4745)
Epoch:[1783][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4123 (9.4683)
Epoch:[1783][10/18]	Time 2.19 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2168 (9.4454)
Epoch:[1783][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8739 (9.4811)
Epoch:[1783][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6507 (9.4942)
Epoch:[1783][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2232 (9.4748)
Epoch:[1783][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9237 (9.5047)
Epoch:[1783][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7645 (9.5210)
Epoch:[1783][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5400 (9.5221)
Epoch:[1783][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5955 (9.5262)
epoch 1783 finished, takes 34.472405672073364 seconds
Epoch:[1784][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2136 (9.2136)
Epoch:[1784][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9327 (9.5732)
Epoch:[1784][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6283 (9.5915)
Epoch:[1784][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7592 (9.6335)
Epoch:[1784][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3772 (9.5822)
Epoch:[1784][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4861 (9.5662)
Epoch:[1784][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7691 (9.5952)
Epoch:[1784][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5571 (9.5904)
Epoch:[1784][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9885 (9.6346)
Epoch:[1784][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9975 (9.6709)
Epoch:[1784][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4562 (9.6514)
Epoch:[1784][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8350 (9.6667)
Epoch:[1784][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8288 (9.6792)
Epoch:[1784][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4666 (9.6640)
Epoch:[1784][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4032 (9.6466)
Epoch:[1784][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8629 (9.6601)
Epoch:[1784][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5963 (9.6564)
Epoch:[1784][17/18]	Time 2.15 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1137 (9.6262)
epoch 1784 finished, takes 33.52317929267883 seconds
Epoch:[1785][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5804 (9.5804)
Epoch:[1785][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4701 (9.5253)
Epoch:[1785][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0472 (9.3659)
Epoch:[1785][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6642 (9.4405)
Epoch:[1785][ 4/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7867 (9.5097)
Epoch:[1785][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8136 (9.5604)
Epoch:[1785][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1815 (9.5062)
Epoch:[1785][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6322 (9.5220)
Epoch:[1785][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8133 (9.4433)
Epoch:[1785][ 9/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3253 (9.4315)
Epoch:[1785][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4626 (9.4343)
Epoch:[1785][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5337 (9.4426)
Epoch:[1785][12/18]	Time 1.60 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5673 (9.4522)
Epoch:[1785][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9197 (9.4856)
Epoch:[1785][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8924 (9.4460)
Epoch:[1785][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5099 (9.4500)
Epoch:[1785][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6930 (9.4643)
Epoch:[1785][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6289 (9.4735)
epoch 1785 finished, takes 33.589664459228516 seconds
Epoch:[1786][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6877 (9.6877)
Epoch:[1786][ 1/18]	Time 2.20 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7704 (9.7291)
Epoch:[1786][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6072 (9.6884)
Epoch:[1786][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4018 (9.6168)
Epoch:[1786][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8833 (9.6701)
Epoch:[1786][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6023 (9.6588)
Epoch:[1786][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8711 (9.6891)
Epoch:[1786][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9600 (9.7230)
Epoch:[1786][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5598 (9.7048)
Epoch:[1786][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5152 (9.6859)
Epoch:[1786][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3890 (9.6589)
Epoch:[1786][11/18]	Time 2.16 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6460 (9.6578)
Epoch:[1786][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4924 (9.6451)
Epoch:[1786][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8177 (9.6574)
Epoch:[1786][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5815 (9.6524)
Epoch:[1786][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1605 (9.6216)
Epoch:[1786][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1186 (9.5920)
Epoch:[1786][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9914 (9.5587)
epoch 1786 finished, takes 33.238704681396484 seconds
Epoch:[1787][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9665 (8.9665)
Epoch:[1787][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1851 (9.0758)
Epoch:[1787][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4239 (9.1918)
Epoch:[1787][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0402 (9.4039)
Epoch:[1787][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9174 (9.5066)
Epoch:[1787][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4141 (9.4912)
Epoch:[1787][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7880 (9.5336)
Epoch:[1787][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3373 (9.5091)
Epoch:[1787][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8572 (9.5477)
Epoch:[1787][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7539 (9.5684)
Epoch:[1787][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6858 (9.5790)
Epoch:[1787][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4688 (9.5698)
Epoch:[1787][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3508 (9.5530)
Epoch:[1787][13/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6470 (9.5597)
Epoch:[1787][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2908 (9.6085)
Epoch:[1787][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7941 (9.6201)
Epoch:[1787][16/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0891 (9.5888)
Epoch:[1787][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2411 (9.5695)
epoch 1787 finished, takes 33.764705657958984 seconds
Epoch:[1788][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6193 (9.6193)
Epoch:[1788][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1073 (9.3633)
Epoch:[1788][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6530 (9.4599)
Epoch:[1788][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2297 (9.4023)
Epoch:[1788][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3330 (9.3885)
Epoch:[1788][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5905 (9.4221)
Epoch:[1788][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3120 (9.4064)
Epoch:[1788][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5980 (9.4304)
Epoch:[1788][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3860 (9.4254)
Epoch:[1788][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2347 (9.4064)
Epoch:[1788][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0823 (9.3769)
Epoch:[1788][11/18]	Time 1.60 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0406 (9.3489)
Epoch:[1788][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8487 (9.3873)
Epoch:[1788][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6913 (9.4090)
Epoch:[1788][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5438 (9.4180)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5592678033059644  precision:  0.6063038279568522  f1:  0.5046632571910741 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.73812929 0.74803768 0.18762475 0.13348146]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7481980078880359  precision:  0.7654482693701652  f1:  0.7488956266434145 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.63125    0.796875   0.74829932 0.69113924 0.70515971
 0.76878613 0.68882175]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7075984735890043  precision:  0.707822760732446  f1:  0.6949534399024997 perclass recall:  [0.46089385 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.43129771 0.9        0.52109181]
Epoch:[1788][15/18]	Time 12.54 (2.51)	Data 10.70 (0.67)	Loss 8.9734 (9.3902)
Epoch:[1788][16/18]	Time 1.85 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 9.3751 (9.3893)
Epoch:[1788][17/18]	Time 1.77 (2.43)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 9.5829 (9.4001)
epoch 1788 finished, takes 43.813241720199585 seconds
Epoch:[1789][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4257 (9.4257)
Epoch:[1789][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3527 (9.3892)
Epoch:[1789][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4394 (9.4059)
Epoch:[1789][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2058 (9.3559)
Epoch:[1789][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4738 (9.3795)
Epoch:[1789][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3529 (9.3750)
Epoch:[1789][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6423 (9.4132)
Epoch:[1789][ 7/18]	Time 2.26 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2661 (9.3948)
Epoch:[1789][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4305 (9.3988)
Epoch:[1789][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6642 (9.4253)
Epoch:[1789][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5427 (9.4360)
Epoch:[1789][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3750 (9.4309)
Epoch:[1789][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0578 (9.4022)
Epoch:[1789][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4463 (9.4054)
Epoch:[1789][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6771 (9.4235)
Epoch:[1789][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6513 (9.4377)
Epoch:[1789][16/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2436 (9.4263)
Epoch:[1789][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5901 (9.4354)
epoch 1789 finished, takes 34.18297576904297 seconds
Epoch:[1790][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8355 (8.8355)
Epoch:[1790][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1912 (9.0133)
Epoch:[1790][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6736 (9.2334)
Epoch:[1790][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8733 (9.3934)
Epoch:[1790][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2511 (9.3649)
Epoch:[1790][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2264 (9.5085)
Epoch:[1790][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4112 (9.4946)
Epoch:[1790][ 7/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1924 (9.5818)
Epoch:[1790][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8943 (9.6165)
Epoch:[1790][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3403 (9.5889)
Epoch:[1790][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2477 (9.5579)
Epoch:[1790][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0144 (9.5959)
Epoch:[1790][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8444 (9.6151)
Epoch:[1790][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6924 (9.6206)
Epoch:[1790][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3106 (9.5999)
Epoch:[1790][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0823 (9.6301)
Epoch:[1790][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5048 (9.6227)
Epoch:[1790][17/18]	Time 1.55 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1970 (9.5990)
epoch 1790 finished, takes 34.20112156867981 seconds
Epoch:[1791][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2874 (9.2874)
Epoch:[1791][ 1/18]	Time 2.20 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5274 (9.4074)
Epoch:[1791][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5053 (9.4400)
Epoch:[1791][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0591 (9.3448)
Epoch:[1791][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1456 (9.5050)
Epoch:[1791][ 5/18]	Time 2.15 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6626 (9.5312)
Epoch:[1791][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9487 (9.4480)
Epoch:[1791][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5217 (9.4572)
Epoch:[1791][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4939 (9.4613)
Epoch:[1791][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8093 (9.4961)
Epoch:[1791][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7861 (9.5225)
Epoch:[1791][11/18]	Time 2.20 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6878 (9.5362)
Epoch:[1791][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0482 (9.5756)
Epoch:[1791][13/18]	Time 1.61 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9303 (9.5295)
Epoch:[1791][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2233 (9.5091)
Epoch:[1791][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3325 (9.4981)
Epoch:[1791][16/18]	Time 2.24 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0248 (9.5291)
Epoch:[1791][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9842 (9.4988)
epoch 1791 finished, takes 34.660534143447876 seconds
Epoch:[1792][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8139 (9.8139)
Epoch:[1792][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3277 (9.5708)
Epoch:[1792][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9369 (9.3595)
Epoch:[1792][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3521 (9.3576)
Epoch:[1792][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5493 (9.3960)
Epoch:[1792][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8446 (9.4707)
Epoch:[1792][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7474 (9.5103)
Epoch:[1792][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4113 (9.4979)
Epoch:[1792][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2205 (9.4671)
Epoch:[1792][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1174 (9.4321)
Epoch:[1792][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6771 (9.4544)
Epoch:[1792][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8800 (9.4898)
Epoch:[1792][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6162 (9.4996)
Epoch:[1792][13/18]	Time 2.23 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1564 (9.5465)
Epoch:[1792][14/18]	Time 1.64 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0872 (9.5159)
Epoch:[1792][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5421 (9.5175)
Epoch:[1792][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3737 (9.5090)
Epoch:[1792][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2244 (9.4932)
epoch 1792 finished, takes 32.75595450401306 seconds
Epoch:[1793][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8709 (9.8709)
Epoch:[1793][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6125 (9.7417)
Epoch:[1793][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6019 (9.6951)
Epoch:[1793][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2357 (9.5802)
Epoch:[1793][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3413 (9.5325)
Epoch:[1793][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4269 (9.5149)
Epoch:[1793][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2593 (9.4784)
Epoch:[1793][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4854 (9.4792)
Epoch:[1793][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1190 (9.4392)
Epoch:[1793][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5913 (9.4544)
Epoch:[1793][10/18]	Time 2.19 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9020 (9.4951)
Epoch:[1793][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3520 (9.4832)
Epoch:[1793][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9280 (9.5174)
Epoch:[1793][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5606 (9.5205)
Epoch:[1793][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1236 (9.4940)
Epoch:[1793][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6993 (9.5069)
Epoch:[1793][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8471 (9.5269)
Epoch:[1793][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5846 (9.5301)
epoch 1793 finished, takes 34.64680314064026 seconds
Epoch:[1794][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4460 (9.4460)
Epoch:[1794][ 1/18]	Time 1.59 (1.58)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9884 (9.2172)
Epoch:[1794][ 2/18]	Time 2.22 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5272 (9.3205)
Epoch:[1794][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4957 (9.3643)
Epoch:[1794][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6017 (9.4118)
Epoch:[1794][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9868 (9.3410)
Epoch:[1794][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5356 (9.3688)
Epoch:[1794][ 7/18]	Time 2.21 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3987 (9.4975)
Epoch:[1794][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5005 (9.4978)
Epoch:[1794][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1616 (9.4642)
Epoch:[1794][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2924 (9.4486)
Epoch:[1794][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8907 (9.4854)
Epoch:[1794][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4112 (9.4797)
Epoch:[1794][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4588 (9.4782)
Epoch:[1794][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1839 (9.4586)
Epoch:[1794][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3808 (9.4538)
Epoch:[1794][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2857 (9.4439)
Epoch:[1794][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6544 (9.4556)
epoch 1794 finished, takes 33.85437250137329 seconds
Epoch:[1795][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1654 (9.1654)
Epoch:[1795][ 1/18]	Time 1.73 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4493 (9.3074)
Epoch:[1795][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8244 (9.4797)
Epoch:[1795][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6898 (9.5323)
Epoch:[1795][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5369 (9.5332)
Epoch:[1795][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6473 (9.5522)
Epoch:[1795][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4917 (9.5436)
Epoch:[1795][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4767 (9.5352)
Epoch:[1795][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3754 (9.5175)
Epoch:[1795][ 9/18]	Time 2.30 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7780 (9.5435)
Epoch:[1795][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7534 (9.5626)
Epoch:[1795][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3540 (9.5452)
Epoch:[1795][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3123 (9.5273)
Epoch:[1795][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6850 (9.5386)
Epoch:[1795][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6183 (9.5439)
Epoch:[1795][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7077 (9.5541)
Epoch:[1795][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6158 (9.5577)
Epoch:[1795][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6459 (9.5626)
epoch 1795 finished, takes 34.129040002822876 seconds
Epoch:[1796][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9694 (9.9694)
Epoch:[1796][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4050 (9.6872)
Epoch:[1796][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6225 (9.6657)
Epoch:[1796][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7049 (9.6755)
Epoch:[1796][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8430 (9.7090)
Epoch:[1796][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2609 (9.6343)
Epoch:[1796][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9558 (9.6802)
Epoch:[1796][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4202 (9.6477)
Epoch:[1796][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3877 (9.6188)
Epoch:[1796][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5082 (9.6078)
Epoch:[1796][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1626 (9.5673)
Epoch:[1796][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6375 (9.5732)
Epoch:[1796][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2401 (9.5475)
Epoch:[1796][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7569 (9.5625)
Epoch:[1796][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8987 (9.5182)
Epoch:[1796][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3756 (9.5093)
Epoch:[1796][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6473 (9.5174)
Epoch:[1796][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5106 (9.5171)
epoch 1796 finished, takes 33.55423355102539 seconds
Epoch:[1797][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2850 (9.2850)
Epoch:[1797][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9526 (9.6188)
Epoch:[1797][ 2/18]	Time 1.55 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7024 (9.6467)
Epoch:[1797][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9914 (9.4829)
Epoch:[1797][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8886 (9.5640)
Epoch:[1797][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3081 (9.5214)
Epoch:[1797][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8928 (9.5744)
Epoch:[1797][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5235 (9.5681)
Epoch:[1797][ 8/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4412 (9.5540)
Epoch:[1797][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6755 (9.5661)
Epoch:[1797][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9616 (9.6021)
Epoch:[1797][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5592 (9.5985)
Epoch:[1797][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2646 (9.5728)
Epoch:[1797][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2864 (9.5523)
Epoch:[1797][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2174 (9.5300)
Epoch:[1797][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4011 (9.5220)
Epoch:[1797][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2186 (9.5041)
Epoch:[1797][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2277 (9.4888)
epoch 1797 finished, takes 33.98664402961731 seconds
Epoch:[1798][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2309 (9.2309)
Epoch:[1798][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5196 (9.3752)
Epoch:[1798][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2146 (9.3217)
Epoch:[1798][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6886 (9.4134)
Epoch:[1798][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3315 (9.3970)
Epoch:[1798][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2987 (9.3806)
Epoch:[1798][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1965 (9.3543)
Epoch:[1798][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7641 (9.4056)
Epoch:[1798][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4399 (9.4094)
Epoch:[1798][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0902 (9.3775)
Epoch:[1798][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5327 (9.3916)
Epoch:[1798][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8082 (9.4263)
Epoch:[1798][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4477 (9.4279)
Epoch:[1798][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3452 (9.4220)
Epoch:[1798][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3117 (9.4147)
Epoch:[1798][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5204 (9.4213)
Epoch:[1798][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2764 (9.4128)
Epoch:[1798][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5737 (9.4217)
epoch 1798 finished, takes 34.42418122291565 seconds
Epoch:[1799][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6782 (9.6782)
Epoch:[1799][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8378 (9.7580)
Epoch:[1799][ 2/18]	Time 2.19 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4388 (9.6516)
Epoch:[1799][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8486 (9.7008)
Epoch:[1799][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0931 (9.5793)
Epoch:[1799][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5379 (9.5724)
Epoch:[1799][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3766 (9.5444)
Epoch:[1799][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7893 (9.5750)
Epoch:[1799][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2094 (9.5344)
Epoch:[1799][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5392 (9.5349)
Epoch:[1799][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8973 (9.4769)
Epoch:[1799][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3351 (9.4651)
Epoch:[1799][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5079 (9.4684)
Epoch:[1799][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6950 (9.4846)
Epoch:[1799][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5841 (9.4912)
Epoch:[1799][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5185 (9.4929)
Epoch:[1799][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3230 (9.4829)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5596406974064998  precision:  0.6095050041574603  f1:  0.5052059028878424 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74227689 0.74607535 0.18928809 0.13125961]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.745461881291376  precision:  0.7639356184407726  f1:  0.7471023173757454 perclass recall:  [0.95719844 0.63125    0.79910714 0.74603175 0.68860759 0.69041769
 0.75722543 0.693857  ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.707860542131651  precision:  0.7058800252978216  f1:  0.6942888059217354 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.51861042]
Epoch:[1799][17/18]	Time 12.16 (2.47)	Data 10.33 (0.57)	Loss 9.6084 (9.4899)
epoch 1799 finished, takes 44.46456170082092 seconds
Epoch:[1800][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4202 (9.4202)
Epoch:[1800][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5375 (9.4789)
Epoch:[1800][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3907 (9.4495)
Epoch:[1800][ 3/18]	Time 2.20 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3577 (9.4265)
Epoch:[1800][ 4/18]	Time 2.21 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3799 (9.4172)
Epoch:[1800][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3512 (9.4062)
Epoch:[1800][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5650 (9.4289)
Epoch:[1800][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1997 (9.4002)
Epoch:[1800][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2226 (9.3805)
Epoch:[1800][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4444 (9.3869)
Epoch:[1800][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2138 (9.3712)
Epoch:[1800][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5757 (9.3882)
Epoch:[1800][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1497 (9.3699)
Epoch:[1800][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2985 (9.3648)
Epoch:[1800][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1795 (9.3524)
Epoch:[1800][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3585 (9.4153)
Epoch:[1800][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2164 (9.4036)
Epoch:[1800][17/18]	Time 1.64 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1298 (9.3884)
epoch 1800 finished, takes 33.50940752029419 seconds
Epoch:[1801][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5967 (9.5967)
Epoch:[1801][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5376 (9.5672)
Epoch:[1801][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5271 (9.5538)
Epoch:[1801][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3751 (9.5091)
Epoch:[1801][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9797 (9.4033)
Epoch:[1801][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7137 (9.4550)
Epoch:[1801][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4593 (9.4556)
Epoch:[1801][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8791 (9.5085)
Epoch:[1801][ 8/18]	Time 1.57 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4337 (9.5002)
Epoch:[1801][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6020 (9.5104)
Epoch:[1801][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9550 (9.4599)
Epoch:[1801][11/18]	Time 2.12 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2231 (9.4402)
Epoch:[1801][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3580 (9.4339)
Epoch:[1801][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4446 (9.4346)
Epoch:[1801][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8546 (9.3960)
Epoch:[1801][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6073 (9.4092)
Epoch:[1801][16/18]	Time 2.32 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5953 (9.4201)
Epoch:[1801][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0911 (9.4574)
epoch 1801 finished, takes 33.216206550598145 seconds
Epoch:[1802][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3792 (9.3792)
Epoch:[1802][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2511 (9.3152)
Epoch:[1802][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5331 (9.3878)
Epoch:[1802][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9887 (9.2880)
Epoch:[1802][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3686 (9.3042)
Epoch:[1802][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3477 (9.3114)
Epoch:[1802][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2831 (9.3074)
Epoch:[1802][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5654 (9.3396)
Epoch:[1802][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5322 (9.3610)
Epoch:[1802][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3330 (9.3582)
Epoch:[1802][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3714 (9.3594)
Epoch:[1802][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7961 (9.3958)
Epoch:[1802][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6102 (9.4123)
Epoch:[1802][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6622 (9.4301)
Epoch:[1802][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0499 (9.4715)
Epoch:[1802][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5749 (9.4779)
Epoch:[1802][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3995 (9.4733)
Epoch:[1802][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6161 (9.4813)
epoch 1802 finished, takes 33.704018354415894 seconds
Epoch:[1803][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0108 (9.0108)
Epoch:[1803][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8188 (9.4148)
Epoch:[1803][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4231 (9.4176)
Epoch:[1803][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2592 (9.3780)
Epoch:[1803][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0919 (9.3208)
Epoch:[1803][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9717 (9.4293)
Epoch:[1803][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9925 (9.3669)
Epoch:[1803][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2794 (9.3559)
Epoch:[1803][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1762 (9.3360)
Epoch:[1803][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4088 (9.3432)
Epoch:[1803][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4422 (9.3522)
Epoch:[1803][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5171 (9.3660)
Epoch:[1803][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4813 (9.3749)
Epoch:[1803][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1083 (9.3558)
Epoch:[1803][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6794 (9.3774)
Epoch:[1803][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1772 (9.3649)
Epoch:[1803][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5959 (9.3785)
Epoch:[1803][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3952 (9.3794)
epoch 1803 finished, takes 33.79693055152893 seconds
Epoch:[1804][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3401 (9.3401)
Epoch:[1804][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2448 (9.2925)
Epoch:[1804][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2150 (9.2667)
Epoch:[1804][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3007 (9.2752)
Epoch:[1804][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4092 (9.3020)
Epoch:[1804][ 5/18]	Time 1.60 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2842 (9.2990)
Epoch:[1804][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0617 (9.2651)
Epoch:[1804][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4138 (9.2837)
Epoch:[1804][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4535 (9.3026)
Epoch:[1804][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1706 (9.2894)
Epoch:[1804][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3690 (9.2966)
Epoch:[1804][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3386 (9.3001)
Epoch:[1804][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7842 (9.3373)
Epoch:[1804][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8589 (9.3746)
Epoch:[1804][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2093 (9.3636)
Epoch:[1804][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9226 (9.3360)
Epoch:[1804][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7748 (9.3618)
Epoch:[1804][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6532 (9.3780)
epoch 1804 finished, takes 32.929704666137695 seconds
Epoch:[1805][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3269 (9.3269)
Epoch:[1805][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4331 (9.3800)
Epoch:[1805][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4126 (9.3909)
Epoch:[1805][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1050 (9.3194)
Epoch:[1805][ 4/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2708 (9.3097)
Epoch:[1805][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1833 (9.2886)
Epoch:[1805][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6676 (9.3428)
Epoch:[1805][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0666 (9.4332)
Epoch:[1805][ 8/18]	Time 1.57 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7726 (9.4710)
Epoch:[1805][ 9/18]	Time 2.32 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2402 (9.4479)
Epoch:[1805][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4169 (9.4451)
Epoch:[1805][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1341 (9.4192)
Epoch:[1805][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3978 (9.4175)
Epoch:[1805][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4080 (9.4168)
Epoch:[1805][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3674 (9.4135)
Epoch:[1805][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2989 (9.4064)
Epoch:[1805][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2043 (9.3945)
Epoch:[1805][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1711 (9.3821)
epoch 1805 finished, takes 33.558013916015625 seconds
Epoch:[1806][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9484 (9.9484)
Epoch:[1806][ 1/18]	Time 2.22 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3891 (9.6688)
Epoch:[1806][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7808 (9.7061)
Epoch:[1806][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9682 (9.7716)
Epoch:[1806][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1803 (9.6534)
Epoch:[1806][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7367 (9.6672)
Epoch:[1806][ 6/18]	Time 2.14 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9132 (9.7024)
Epoch:[1806][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6225 (9.6924)
Epoch:[1806][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8237 (9.7070)
Epoch:[1806][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7264 (9.7089)
Epoch:[1806][10/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7386 (9.7116)
Epoch:[1806][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5795 (9.7006)
Epoch:[1806][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7163 (9.7018)
Epoch:[1806][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1219 (9.7318)
Epoch:[1806][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5385 (9.7189)
Epoch:[1806][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3196 (9.6940)
Epoch:[1806][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4537 (9.6798)
Epoch:[1806][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6381 (9.6775)
epoch 1806 finished, takes 33.717971086502075 seconds
Epoch:[1807][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9722 (9.9722)
Epoch:[1807][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4536 (9.7129)
Epoch:[1807][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6847 (9.7035)
Epoch:[1807][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5876 (9.6745)
Epoch:[1807][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8710 (9.7138)
Epoch:[1807][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3251 (9.6490)
Epoch:[1807][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1933 (9.5839)
Epoch:[1807][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9933 (9.5101)
Epoch:[1807][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3896 (9.4967)
Epoch:[1807][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9026 (9.5373)
Epoch:[1807][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6030 (9.5433)
Epoch:[1807][11/18]	Time 1.58 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4561 (9.5360)
Epoch:[1807][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7545 (9.5528)
Epoch:[1807][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7788 (9.5690)
Epoch:[1807][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5795 (9.5697)
Epoch:[1807][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1675 (9.5445)
Epoch:[1807][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4705 (9.5402)
Epoch:[1807][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3942 (9.5321)
epoch 1807 finished, takes 33.831870317459106 seconds
Epoch:[1808][ 0/18]	Time 2.10 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5516 (9.5516)
Epoch:[1808][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1229 (9.3372)
Epoch:[1808][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8065 (9.4937)
Epoch:[1808][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4319 (9.4782)
Epoch:[1808][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3127 (9.4451)
Epoch:[1808][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3844 (9.6017)
Epoch:[1808][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6103 (9.6029)
Epoch:[1808][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1585 (9.5474)
Epoch:[1808][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3942 (9.5303)
Epoch:[1808][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1636 (9.4937)
Epoch:[1808][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2032 (9.4673)
Epoch:[1808][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4308 (9.4642)
Epoch:[1808][12/18]	Time 1.55 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2470 (9.4475)
Epoch:[1808][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7480 (9.4690)
Epoch:[1808][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2963 (9.4575)
Epoch:[1808][15/18]	Time 2.17 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1844 (9.4404)
Epoch:[1808][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4302 (9.4398)
Epoch:[1808][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6860 (9.4535)
epoch 1808 finished, takes 33.39962720870972 seconds
Epoch:[1809][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5714 (9.5714)
Epoch:[1809][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9836 (9.2775)
Epoch:[1809][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2948 (9.2833)
Epoch:[1809][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3266 (9.2941)
Epoch:[1809][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3945 (9.3142)
Epoch:[1809][ 5/18]	Time 1.59 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6055 (9.3627)
Epoch:[1809][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4747 (9.3787)
Epoch:[1809][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1757 (9.3533)
Epoch:[1809][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3243 (9.3501)
Epoch:[1809][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7636 (9.3915)
Epoch:[1809][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2017 (9.3742)
Epoch:[1809][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3759 (9.3744)
Epoch:[1809][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3132 (9.3696)
Epoch:[1809][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2143 (9.3586)
Epoch:[1809][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4092 (9.3619)
Epoch:[1809][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5249 (9.3721)
Epoch:[1809][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2891 (9.3672)
Epoch:[1809][17/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1446 (9.3549)
epoch 1809 finished, takes 33.94642400741577 seconds
Epoch:[1810][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9580 (9.9580)
Epoch:[1810][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0355 (9.4967)
Epoch:[1810][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8547 (9.2827)
Epoch:[1810][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3220 (9.2926)
Epoch:[1810][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6428 (9.3626)
Epoch:[1810][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5693 (9.3971)
Epoch:[1810][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2205 (9.3718)
Epoch:[1810][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2719 (9.3593)
Epoch:[1810][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5255 (9.3778)
Epoch:[1810][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2692 (9.3669)
Epoch:[1810][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7658 (9.3123)
Epoch:[1810][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2445 (9.3066)
Epoch:[1810][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1876 (9.2975)
Epoch:[1810][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5687 (9.3169)
Epoch:[1810][14/18]	Time 2.24 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6065 (9.3362)
Epoch:[1810][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8435 (9.3679)
Epoch:[1810][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9492 (9.3433)
Epoch:[1810][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3707 (9.3448)
epoch 1810 finished, takes 33.824575424194336 seconds
Epoch:[1811][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4411 (9.4411)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5574475158273609  precision:  0.6082912250184556  f1:  0.5016719934434619 perclass recall:  [0.98977894 0.74299199 0.74568289 0.17581504 0.13296872]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7462495842963536  precision:  0.7635836119018957  f1:  0.7474006810005662 perclass recall:  [0.95460441 0.63125    0.80133929 0.75510204 0.67594937 0.69287469
 0.76300578 0.6958711 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7070829596024373  precision:  0.7084129590324716  f1:  0.6946755806922918 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.43320611 0.90151515 0.52171216]
Epoch:[1811][ 1/18]	Time 12.44 (7.16)	Data 10.30 (5.15)	Loss 9.4116 (9.4263)
Epoch:[1811][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (5.41)	Data 0.00 (3.44)	Loss 9.3298 (9.3941)
Epoch:[1811][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (4.51)	Data 0.00 (2.58)	Loss 9.6735 (9.4640)
Epoch:[1811][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (3.97)	Data 0.00 (2.06)	Loss 9.2921 (9.4296)
Epoch:[1811][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (3.64)	Data 0.00 (1.72)	Loss 10.2646 (9.5688)
Epoch:[1811][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (3.42)	Data 0.00 (1.47)	Loss 9.3552 (9.5383)
Epoch:[1811][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (3.21)	Data 0.00 (1.29)	Loss 9.6241 (9.5490)
Epoch:[1811][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (3.06)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.2529 (9.5161)
Epoch:[1811][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (2.94)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.5981 (9.5243)
Epoch:[1811][10/18]	Time 1.81 (2.84)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.2580 (9.5001)
Epoch:[1811][11/18]	Time 2.25 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.4192 (9.4934)
Epoch:[1811][12/18]	Time 1.92 (2.72)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.4410 (9.4893)
Epoch:[1811][13/18]	Time 1.73 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.7311 (9.5066)
Epoch:[1811][14/18]	Time 1.80 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.9633 (9.5370)
Epoch:[1811][15/18]	Time 1.99 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.3330 (9.5243)
Epoch:[1811][16/18]	Time 2.16 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.6669 (9.5327)
Epoch:[1811][17/18]	Time 1.76 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.1583 (9.5119)
epoch 1811 finished, takes 44.85220265388489 seconds
Epoch:[1812][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5407 (9.5407)
Epoch:[1812][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3513 (9.4460)
Epoch:[1812][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6846 (9.5255)
Epoch:[1812][ 3/18]	Time 2.17 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3123 (9.4722)
Epoch:[1812][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3503 (9.4478)
Epoch:[1812][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0392 (9.3797)
Epoch:[1812][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0834 (9.4803)
Epoch:[1812][ 7/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1359 (9.4372)
Epoch:[1812][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3479 (9.4273)
Epoch:[1812][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8187 (9.4664)
Epoch:[1812][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4761 (9.4673)
Epoch:[1812][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5722 (9.4761)
Epoch:[1812][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4178 (9.4716)
Epoch:[1812][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6167 (9.4819)
Epoch:[1812][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2024 (9.4633)
Epoch:[1812][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6552 (9.4753)
Epoch:[1812][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6799 (9.4873)
Epoch:[1812][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4123 (9.4832)
epoch 1812 finished, takes 33.307862997055054 seconds
Epoch:[1813][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9225 (9.9225)
Epoch:[1813][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8390 (9.8808)
Epoch:[1813][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4982 (9.7533)
Epoch:[1813][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9193 (9.7948)
Epoch:[1813][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2389 (9.6836)
Epoch:[1813][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9299 (9.5580)
Epoch:[1813][ 6/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6142 (9.5660)
Epoch:[1813][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0955 (9.5072)
Epoch:[1813][ 8/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9779 (9.5595)
Epoch:[1813][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1955 (9.5231)
Epoch:[1813][10/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5728 (9.5276)
Epoch:[1813][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3321 (9.5113)
Epoch:[1813][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8830 (9.5399)
Epoch:[1813][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0043 (9.5017)
Epoch:[1813][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2831 (9.4871)
Epoch:[1813][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4537 (9.4850)
Epoch:[1813][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5790 (9.4905)
Epoch:[1813][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3311 (9.4817)
epoch 1813 finished, takes 33.72478461265564 seconds
Epoch:[1814][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4298 (9.4298)
Epoch:[1814][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3444 (9.3871)
Epoch:[1814][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5740 (9.4494)
Epoch:[1814][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2282 (9.3941)
Epoch:[1814][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4284 (9.4010)
Epoch:[1814][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8391 (9.3073)
Epoch:[1814][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3146 (9.3084)
Epoch:[1814][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8216 (9.2475)
Epoch:[1814][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2397 (9.2466)
Epoch:[1814][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2624 (9.2482)
Epoch:[1814][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3606 (9.2584)
Epoch:[1814][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7207 (9.2970)
Epoch:[1814][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2413 (9.2927)
Epoch:[1814][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5954 (9.3143)
Epoch:[1814][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9675 (9.2912)
Epoch:[1814][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0171 (9.3366)
Epoch:[1814][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5782 (9.3508)
Epoch:[1814][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2342 (9.3443)
epoch 1814 finished, takes 33.78653597831726 seconds
Epoch:[1815][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4159 (9.4159)
Epoch:[1815][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8853 (9.6506)
Epoch:[1815][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3423 (9.5478)
Epoch:[1815][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5920 (9.5589)
Epoch:[1815][ 4/18]	Time 2.27 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4218 (9.5315)
Epoch:[1815][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4566 (9.5190)
Epoch:[1815][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5134 (9.5182)
Epoch:[1815][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3348 (9.4953)
Epoch:[1815][ 8/18]	Time 1.59 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4011 (9.4848)
Epoch:[1815][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0871 (9.4450)
Epoch:[1815][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6099 (9.4600)
Epoch:[1815][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4589 (9.4599)
Epoch:[1815][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6770 (9.4766)
Epoch:[1815][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2955 (9.4637)
Epoch:[1815][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7658 (9.4172)
Epoch:[1815][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0180 (9.4547)
Epoch:[1815][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3597 (9.4491)
Epoch:[1815][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4617 (9.4498)
epoch 1815 finished, takes 33.707793951034546 seconds
Epoch:[1816][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0124 (10.0124)
Epoch:[1816][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1021 (9.5573)
Epoch:[1816][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3763 (9.4969)
Epoch:[1816][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2910 (9.4455)
Epoch:[1816][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3456 (9.4255)
Epoch:[1816][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2484 (9.3960)
Epoch:[1816][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5266 (9.4146)
Epoch:[1816][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6850 (9.4484)
Epoch:[1816][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5363 (9.4582)
Epoch:[1816][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7131 (9.4837)
Epoch:[1816][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5853 (9.4929)
Epoch:[1816][11/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5254 (9.4956)
Epoch:[1816][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0311 (9.4599)
Epoch:[1816][13/18]	Time 1.55 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3552 (9.4524)
Epoch:[1816][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9910 (9.4217)
Epoch:[1816][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3422 (9.4167)
Epoch:[1816][16/18]	Time 2.16 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0518 (9.4540)
Epoch:[1816][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3997 (9.4510)
epoch 1816 finished, takes 33.37939119338989 seconds
Epoch:[1817][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0132 (9.0132)
Epoch:[1817][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5316 (9.2724)
Epoch:[1817][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5727 (9.3725)
Epoch:[1817][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1926 (9.3275)
Epoch:[1817][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3810 (9.3382)
Epoch:[1817][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2272 (9.3197)
Epoch:[1817][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6986 (9.3738)
Epoch:[1817][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1579 (9.3468)
Epoch:[1817][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6516 (9.3807)
Epoch:[1817][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4472 (9.3874)
Epoch:[1817][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7467 (9.4200)
Epoch:[1817][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6578 (9.4398)
Epoch:[1817][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0643 (9.4109)
Epoch:[1817][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4001 (9.4102)
Epoch:[1817][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3351 (9.4052)
Epoch:[1817][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8347 (9.4320)
Epoch:[1817][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1760 (9.4170)
Epoch:[1817][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4834 (9.4206)
epoch 1817 finished, takes 33.83050847053528 seconds
Epoch:[1818][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1324 (9.1324)
Epoch:[1818][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2279 (9.1802)
Epoch:[1818][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5967 (9.3190)
Epoch:[1818][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3567 (9.3284)
Epoch:[1818][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2735 (9.3175)
Epoch:[1818][ 5/18]	Time 2.18 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3030 (9.3150)
Epoch:[1818][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4609 (9.3359)
Epoch:[1818][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6258 (9.3721)
Epoch:[1818][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3394 (9.3685)
Epoch:[1818][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6628 (9.3979)
Epoch:[1818][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8937 (9.4430)
Epoch:[1818][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3545 (9.4356)
Epoch:[1818][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2530 (9.4216)
Epoch:[1818][13/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6432 (9.4374)
Epoch:[1818][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1309 (9.4170)
Epoch:[1818][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9513 (9.3879)
Epoch:[1818][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7526 (9.4093)
Epoch:[1818][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2030 (9.3978)
epoch 1818 finished, takes 34.44333243370056 seconds
Epoch:[1819][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6138 (9.6138)
Epoch:[1819][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2752 (9.4445)
Epoch:[1819][ 2/18]	Time 2.25 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2232 (9.3707)
Epoch:[1819][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2486 (9.3402)
Epoch:[1819][ 4/18]	Time 1.63 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2847 (9.3291)
Epoch:[1819][ 5/18]	Time 1.61 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1948 (9.3067)
Epoch:[1819][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7212 (9.3659)
Epoch:[1819][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2489 (9.3513)
Epoch:[1819][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6925 (9.3892)
Epoch:[1819][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6951 (9.4198)
Epoch:[1819][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6134 (9.4374)
Epoch:[1819][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4861 (9.4415)
Epoch:[1819][12/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7553 (9.4656)
Epoch:[1819][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0934 (9.4390)
Epoch:[1819][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9186 (9.4710)
Epoch:[1819][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4159 (9.4675)
Epoch:[1819][16/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5349 (9.4715)
Epoch:[1819][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4489 (9.4702)
epoch 1819 finished, takes 33.383503437042236 seconds
Epoch:[1820][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2097 (9.2097)
Epoch:[1820][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0113 (9.1105)
Epoch:[1820][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1428 (9.1213)
Epoch:[1820][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3412 (9.1762)
Epoch:[1820][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0388 (9.1487)
Epoch:[1820][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3427 (9.1811)
Epoch:[1820][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7046 (9.2559)
Epoch:[1820][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3125 (9.2629)
Epoch:[1820][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3637 (9.2741)
Epoch:[1820][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7927 (9.3260)
Epoch:[1820][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5823 (9.3493)
Epoch:[1820][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1926 (9.3362)
Epoch:[1820][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6059 (9.3570)
Epoch:[1820][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5201 (9.3686)
Epoch:[1820][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7406 (9.3934)
Epoch:[1820][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0937 (9.3747)
Epoch:[1820][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0198 (9.3538)
Epoch:[1820][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4199 (9.3575)
epoch 1820 finished, takes 33.45598840713501 seconds
Epoch:[1821][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7470 (9.7470)
Epoch:[1821][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8841 (9.8155)
Epoch:[1821][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6951 (9.7754)
Epoch:[1821][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8448 (9.7928)
Epoch:[1821][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7328 (9.7808)
Epoch:[1821][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5494 (9.7422)
Epoch:[1821][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6527 (9.7294)
Epoch:[1821][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5695 (9.7094)
Epoch:[1821][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1608 (9.6485)
Epoch:[1821][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2540 (9.6090)
Epoch:[1821][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5844 (9.6068)
Epoch:[1821][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9923 (9.5556)
Epoch:[1821][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0510 (9.5937)
Epoch:[1821][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4634 (9.5844)
Epoch:[1821][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9457 (9.6085)
Epoch:[1821][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1489 (9.5797)
Epoch:[1821][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0930 (9.5511)
Epoch:[1821][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2656 (9.5352)
epoch 1821 finished, takes 34.08439922332764 seconds
Epoch:[1822][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0461 (10.0461)
Epoch:[1822][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7115 (9.8788)
Epoch:[1822][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6890 (9.8156)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5592233897814187  precision:  0.6100668109972638  f1:  0.5043492838795272 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.74256293 0.74607535 0.18612774 0.13228508]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7463959509102304  precision:  0.7638758255106238  f1:  0.7472479541058359 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.62708333 0.80133929 0.74603175 0.69113924 0.7002457
 0.75722543 0.69284995]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7071946122459173  precision:  0.7068323238137735  f1:  0.6943824147823178 perclass recall:  [0.45810056 0.96331522 0.96589147 0.4351145  0.90151515 0.51923077]
Epoch:[1822][ 3/18]	Time 12.63 (4.48)	Data 10.44 (2.61)	Loss 9.2782 (9.6812)
Epoch:[1822][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (3.93)	Data 0.00 (2.09)	Loss 9.2414 (9.5933)
Epoch:[1822][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (3.60)	Data 0.00 (1.74)	Loss 9.5415 (9.5846)
Epoch:[1822][ 6/18]	Time 1.60 (3.31)	Data 0.00 (1.49)	Loss 9.4116 (9.5599)
Epoch:[1822][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (3.15)	Data 0.00 (1.31)	Loss 9.3944 (9.5392)
Epoch:[1822][ 8/18]	Time 2.15 (3.04)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 9.2315 (9.5050)
Epoch:[1822][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (2.92)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 9.5194 (9.5065)
Epoch:[1822][10/18]	Time 1.96 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 9.6577 (9.5202)
Epoch:[1822][11/18]	Time 1.61 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 9.8956 (9.5515)
Epoch:[1822][12/18]	Time 1.79 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.0922 (9.5162)
Epoch:[1822][13/18]	Time 2.11 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.0189 (9.4807)
Epoch:[1822][14/18]	Time 1.77 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.9664 (9.5130)
Epoch:[1822][15/18]	Time 1.67 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.1806 (9.4923)
Epoch:[1822][16/18]	Time 1.73 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.0097 (9.4639)
Epoch:[1822][17/18]	Time 1.76 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.5583 (9.4691)
epoch 1822 finished, takes 43.61818838119507 seconds
Epoch:[1823][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6675 (9.6675)
Epoch:[1823][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4769 (9.5722)
Epoch:[1823][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5155 (9.5533)
Epoch:[1823][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4740 (9.5335)
Epoch:[1823][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1461 (9.4560)
Epoch:[1823][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3182 (9.4330)
Epoch:[1823][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5473 (9.4494)
Epoch:[1823][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9774 (9.5154)
Epoch:[1823][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1255 (9.4720)
Epoch:[1823][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4860 (9.4734)
Epoch:[1823][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6746 (9.4917)
Epoch:[1823][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2962 (9.4754)
Epoch:[1823][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1153 (9.4477)
Epoch:[1823][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2734 (9.4353)
Epoch:[1823][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1446 (9.4159)
Epoch:[1823][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4503 (9.4180)
Epoch:[1823][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5286 (9.4245)
Epoch:[1823][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2059 (9.4680)
epoch 1823 finished, takes 33.39955472946167 seconds
Epoch:[1824][ 0/18]	Time 1.56 (1.56)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3464 (9.3464)
Epoch:[1824][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5485 (9.4474)
Epoch:[1824][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9749 (9.2899)
Epoch:[1824][ 3/18]	Time 1.62 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6642 (9.3835)
Epoch:[1824][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8602 (9.4788)
Epoch:[1824][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3126 (9.4511)
Epoch:[1824][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7119 (9.4884)
Epoch:[1824][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2661 (9.4606)
Epoch:[1824][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4483 (9.4592)
Epoch:[1824][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6355 (9.4769)
Epoch:[1824][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4231 (9.4720)
Epoch:[1824][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8737 (9.4221)
Epoch:[1824][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2996 (9.4127)
Epoch:[1824][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2614 (9.4019)
Epoch:[1824][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3472 (9.3982)
Epoch:[1824][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3885 (9.3976)
Epoch:[1824][16/18]	Time 1.61 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6892 (9.4148)
Epoch:[1824][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6785 (9.4294)
epoch 1824 finished, takes 32.80819892883301 seconds
Epoch:[1825][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2731 (9.2731)
Epoch:[1825][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0298 (9.1515)
Epoch:[1825][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6389 (9.3139)
Epoch:[1825][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5525 (9.3736)
Epoch:[1825][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1172 (9.5223)
Epoch:[1825][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3502 (9.4936)
Epoch:[1825][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8569 (9.5455)
Epoch:[1825][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5563 (9.5469)
Epoch:[1825][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4496 (9.6472)
Epoch:[1825][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9650 (9.6790)
Epoch:[1825][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7563 (9.5951)
Epoch:[1825][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2178 (9.5637)
Epoch:[1825][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3813 (9.5496)
Epoch:[1825][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4276 (9.5409)
Epoch:[1825][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4217 (9.5330)
Epoch:[1825][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2733 (9.5167)
Epoch:[1825][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1481 (9.4950)
Epoch:[1825][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7202 (9.5076)
epoch 1825 finished, takes 33.67738485336304 seconds
Epoch:[1826][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9366 (8.9366)
Epoch:[1826][ 1/18]	Time 2.20 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3038 (9.1202)
Epoch:[1826][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8784 (9.0396)
Epoch:[1826][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2560 (9.0937)
Epoch:[1826][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5016 (9.1753)
Epoch:[1826][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4038 (9.3800)
Epoch:[1826][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5118 (9.3988)
Epoch:[1826][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3053 (9.3872)
Epoch:[1826][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0823 (9.3533)
Epoch:[1826][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5786 (9.3758)
Epoch:[1826][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6702 (9.4026)
Epoch:[1826][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6199 (9.4207)
Epoch:[1826][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4303 (9.4214)
Epoch:[1826][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2893 (9.4120)
Epoch:[1826][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9972 (9.3843)
Epoch:[1826][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2181 (9.3739)
Epoch:[1826][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4939 (9.3810)
Epoch:[1826][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3714 (9.3805)
epoch 1826 finished, takes 34.09520244598389 seconds
Epoch:[1827][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3641 (9.3641)
Epoch:[1827][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4872 (9.4256)
Epoch:[1827][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7254 (9.5255)
Epoch:[1827][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7641 (9.3352)
Epoch:[1827][ 4/18]	Time 1.59 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5151 (9.3712)
Epoch:[1827][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4655 (9.3869)
Epoch:[1827][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1583 (9.3542)
Epoch:[1827][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3772 (9.3571)
Epoch:[1827][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8555 (9.4125)
Epoch:[1827][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6471 (9.4359)
Epoch:[1827][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0315 (9.4901)
Epoch:[1827][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4570 (9.4873)
Epoch:[1827][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1242 (9.5363)
Epoch:[1827][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1348 (9.5076)
Epoch:[1827][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3368 (9.4962)
Epoch:[1827][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9467 (9.5244)
Epoch:[1827][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3846 (9.5162)
Epoch:[1827][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4418 (9.5120)
epoch 1827 finished, takes 33.801944732666016 seconds
Epoch:[1828][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1246 (9.1246)
Epoch:[1828][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1067 (9.1156)
Epoch:[1828][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2980 (9.1764)
Epoch:[1828][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3803 (9.2274)
Epoch:[1828][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5872 (9.2994)
Epoch:[1828][ 5/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3714 (9.3114)
Epoch:[1828][ 6/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4946 (9.3375)
Epoch:[1828][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9191 (9.2852)
Epoch:[1828][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8004 (9.3425)
Epoch:[1828][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4571 (9.3539)
Epoch:[1828][10/18]	Time 2.20 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4401 (9.3618)
Epoch:[1828][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8855 (9.4054)
Epoch:[1828][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7030 (9.4283)
Epoch:[1828][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4770 (9.4318)
Epoch:[1828][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0899 (9.4090)
Epoch:[1828][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2579 (9.3995)
Epoch:[1828][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6501 (9.4143)
Epoch:[1828][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1591 (9.4001)
epoch 1828 finished, takes 34.08461380004883 seconds
Epoch:[1829][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7208 (9.7208)
Epoch:[1829][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3105 (9.5156)
Epoch:[1829][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9318 (9.3210)
Epoch:[1829][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7544 (9.1793)
Epoch:[1829][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5637 (9.0562)
Epoch:[1829][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4252 (9.1177)
Epoch:[1829][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5670 (9.1819)
Epoch:[1829][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5375 (9.2263)
Epoch:[1829][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0093 (9.3133)
Epoch:[1829][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3158 (9.3136)
Epoch:[1829][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6485 (9.3440)
Epoch:[1829][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3037 (9.4240)
Epoch:[1829][12/18]	Time 2.28 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5503 (9.4337)
Epoch:[1829][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8048 (9.4602)
Epoch:[1829][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1161 (9.4373)
Epoch:[1829][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1393 (9.4187)
Epoch:[1829][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0592 (9.3975)
Epoch:[1829][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2210 (9.3877)
epoch 1829 finished, takes 33.22710037231445 seconds
Epoch:[1830][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4829 (9.4829)
Epoch:[1830][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7188 (9.6008)
Epoch:[1830][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4637 (9.5551)
Epoch:[1830][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2476 (9.4782)
Epoch:[1830][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4725 (9.4771)
Epoch:[1830][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9799 (9.5609)
Epoch:[1830][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1142 (9.4971)
Epoch:[1830][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0263 (9.4382)
Epoch:[1830][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1892 (9.4106)
Epoch:[1830][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4279 (9.4123)
Epoch:[1830][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3182 (9.4037)
Epoch:[1830][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4800 (9.4101)
Epoch:[1830][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5156 (9.4182)
Epoch:[1830][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3281 (9.4118)
Epoch:[1830][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3735 (9.4092)
Epoch:[1830][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3708 (9.4068)
Epoch:[1830][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6199 (9.4194)
Epoch:[1830][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3377 (9.4148)
epoch 1830 finished, takes 33.4653263092041 seconds
Epoch:[1831][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1477 (9.1477)
Epoch:[1831][ 1/18]	Time 2.26 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3650 (9.2564)
Epoch:[1831][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4881 (9.3336)
Epoch:[1831][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9982 (9.4998)
Epoch:[1831][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3878 (9.4774)
Epoch:[1831][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6513 (9.5064)
Epoch:[1831][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0602 (9.4426)
Epoch:[1831][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5079 (9.4508)
Epoch:[1831][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0547 (9.4068)
Epoch:[1831][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0136 (9.3675)
Epoch:[1831][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3523 (9.3661)
Epoch:[1831][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4315 (9.3715)
Epoch:[1831][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8318 (9.4069)
Epoch:[1831][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1933 (9.3917)
Epoch:[1831][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8076 (9.4194)
Epoch:[1831][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7443 (9.4397)
Epoch:[1831][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2425 (9.4281)
Epoch:[1831][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3321 (9.4228)
epoch 1831 finished, takes 33.933374643325806 seconds
Epoch:[1832][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9993 (8.9993)
Epoch:[1832][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6479 (9.3236)
Epoch:[1832][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8748 (9.1740)
Epoch:[1832][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9778 (9.1250)
Epoch:[1832][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1106 (9.1221)
Epoch:[1832][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5160 (9.1877)
Epoch:[1832][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6977 (9.2606)
Epoch:[1832][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6219 (9.3058)
Epoch:[1832][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5404 (9.3318)
Epoch:[1832][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3716 (9.3358)
Epoch:[1832][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3176 (9.3342)
Epoch:[1832][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4497 (9.3438)
Epoch:[1832][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4410 (9.3513)
Epoch:[1832][13/18]	Time 2.15 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4507 (9.3584)
Epoch:[1832][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5400 (9.3705)
Epoch:[1832][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6902 (9.3905)
Epoch:[1832][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6098 (9.4034)
Epoch:[1832][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5440 (9.4112)
epoch 1832 finished, takes 33.50261473655701 seconds
Epoch:[1833][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6366 (9.6366)
Epoch:[1833][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0906 (9.3636)
Epoch:[1833][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5033 (9.4102)
Epoch:[1833][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3159 (9.3866)
Epoch:[1833][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4335 (9.3960)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5601995286522474  precision:  0.6089993949841288  f1:  0.505941780288951 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.7402746  0.74803768 0.18945442 0.1341651 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7450792917199549  precision:  0.7632711519313031  f1:  0.746233232591679 perclass recall:  [0.95590143 0.62708333 0.80357143 0.75056689 0.67594937 0.7002457
 0.75144509 0.6958711 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7073651952132081  precision:  0.7067954914619777  f1:  0.6945293968655303 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96331522 0.96589147 0.4389313  0.90151515 0.51923077]
Epoch:[1833][ 5/18]	Time 12.47 (3.65)	Data 10.30 (1.72)	Loss 9.4793 (9.4099)
Epoch:[1833][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (3.38)	Data 0.00 (1.47)	Loss 9.7556 (9.4593)
Epoch:[1833][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (3.18)	Data 0.00 (1.29)	Loss 9.2611 (9.4345)
Epoch:[1833][ 8/18]	Time 1.58 (3.01)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.3038 (9.4200)
Epoch:[1833][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (2.87)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.2459 (9.4026)
Epoch:[1833][10/18]	Time 1.88 (2.78)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.2146 (9.3855)
Epoch:[1833][11/18]	Time 1.60 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.7324 (9.4144)
Epoch:[1833][12/18]	Time 1.83 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.8831 (9.4504)
Epoch:[1833][13/18]	Time 1.90 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.7289 (9.4703)
Epoch:[1833][14/18]	Time 1.94 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.1611 (9.4497)
Epoch:[1833][15/18]	Time 2.22 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.2218 (9.4355)
Epoch:[1833][16/18]	Time 1.60 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.7923 (9.4565)
Epoch:[1833][17/18]	Time 1.78 (2.41)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.5799 (9.4633)
epoch 1833 finished, takes 43.46218132972717 seconds
Epoch:[1834][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1207 (9.1207)
Epoch:[1834][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5567 (9.3387)
Epoch:[1834][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3964 (9.3579)
Epoch:[1834][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3000 (9.3435)
Epoch:[1834][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1565 (9.3061)
Epoch:[1834][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3023 (9.3054)
Epoch:[1834][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1863 (9.2884)
Epoch:[1834][ 7/18]	Time 2.27 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7859 (9.3506)
Epoch:[1834][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8575 (9.4069)
Epoch:[1834][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8215 (9.4484)
Epoch:[1834][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8262 (9.4827)
Epoch:[1834][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3458 (9.4713)
Epoch:[1834][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6400 (9.4843)
Epoch:[1834][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8569 (9.5109)
Epoch:[1834][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1044 (9.4838)
Epoch:[1834][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1871 (9.4653)
Epoch:[1834][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8187 (9.4861)
Epoch:[1834][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1420 (9.4669)
epoch 1834 finished, takes 34.32485342025757 seconds
Epoch:[1835][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3655 (9.3655)
Epoch:[1835][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5765 (9.4710)
Epoch:[1835][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6503 (9.5308)
Epoch:[1835][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2957 (9.4720)
Epoch:[1835][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2202 (9.4217)
Epoch:[1835][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1006 (9.3681)
Epoch:[1835][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4887 (9.3854)
Epoch:[1835][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0147 (9.4640)
Epoch:[1835][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4199 (9.4591)
Epoch:[1835][ 9/18]	Time 2.34 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2997 (9.5432)
Epoch:[1835][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8847 (9.5742)
Epoch:[1835][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3094 (9.5522)
Epoch:[1835][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2551 (9.5293)
Epoch:[1835][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1447 (9.5018)
Epoch:[1835][14/18]	Time 2.22 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9786 (9.4669)
Epoch:[1835][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4766 (9.4676)
Epoch:[1835][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4168 (9.4646)
Epoch:[1835][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5246 (9.4679)
epoch 1835 finished, takes 33.4774215221405 seconds
Epoch:[1836][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2684 (9.2684)
Epoch:[1836][ 1/18]	Time 2.18 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6410 (9.4547)
Epoch:[1836][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4242 (9.4445)
Epoch:[1836][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1975 (9.3828)
Epoch:[1836][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5582 (9.4179)
Epoch:[1836][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1896 (9.3798)
Epoch:[1836][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6563 (9.4193)
Epoch:[1836][ 7/18]	Time 1.56 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6542 (9.4487)
Epoch:[1836][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3333 (9.4359)
Epoch:[1836][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0367 (9.4959)
Epoch:[1836][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0744 (9.5485)
Epoch:[1836][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8063 (9.5700)
Epoch:[1836][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0394 (9.5292)
Epoch:[1836][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2798 (9.5114)
Epoch:[1836][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2787 (9.4959)
Epoch:[1836][15/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8776 (9.5197)
Epoch:[1836][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7890 (9.5356)
Epoch:[1836][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4108 (9.5286)
epoch 1836 finished, takes 34.309462785720825 seconds
Epoch:[1837][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6079 (9.6079)
Epoch:[1837][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8390 (9.2235)
Epoch:[1837][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6018 (9.3496)
Epoch:[1837][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2222 (9.3177)
Epoch:[1837][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2572 (9.3056)
Epoch:[1837][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3660 (9.3157)
Epoch:[1837][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5868 (9.3544)
Epoch:[1837][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7477 (9.4036)
Epoch:[1837][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3710 (9.3999)
Epoch:[1837][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1243 (9.3724)
Epoch:[1837][10/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5609 (9.3895)
Epoch:[1837][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2025 (9.3739)
Epoch:[1837][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4825 (9.3823)
Epoch:[1837][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2467 (9.3726)
Epoch:[1837][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7994 (9.4011)
Epoch:[1837][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1851 (9.3876)
Epoch:[1837][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5115 (9.3949)
Epoch:[1837][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7651 (9.4154)
epoch 1837 finished, takes 33.694581270217896 seconds
Epoch:[1838][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2404 (9.2404)
Epoch:[1838][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5747 (9.4075)
Epoch:[1838][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1639 (9.3263)
Epoch:[1838][ 3/18]	Time 1.64 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5458 (9.3812)
Epoch:[1838][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8532 (9.4756)
Epoch:[1838][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1648 (9.4238)
Epoch:[1838][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8486 (9.4845)
Epoch:[1838][ 7/18]	Time 1.62 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1368 (9.4410)
Epoch:[1838][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1058 (9.4038)
Epoch:[1838][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9024 (9.3536)
Epoch:[1838][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4221 (9.3599)
Epoch:[1838][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5225 (9.3734)
Epoch:[1838][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6648 (9.3958)
Epoch:[1838][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4988 (9.4032)
Epoch:[1838][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5956 (9.4160)
Epoch:[1838][15/18]	Time 2.17 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6313 (9.4295)
Epoch:[1838][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6965 (9.4452)
Epoch:[1838][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4237 (9.4440)
epoch 1838 finished, takes 33.367835998535156 seconds
Epoch:[1839][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2342 (9.2342)
Epoch:[1839][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9485 (9.0914)
Epoch:[1839][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2327 (9.1385)
Epoch:[1839][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0667 (9.3705)
Epoch:[1839][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1235 (9.3211)
Epoch:[1839][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1495 (9.2925)
Epoch:[1839][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8800 (9.2336)
Epoch:[1839][ 7/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1926 (9.2285)
Epoch:[1839][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4006 (9.2476)
Epoch:[1839][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3326 (9.2561)
Epoch:[1839][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0438 (9.2368)
Epoch:[1839][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9505 (9.2963)
Epoch:[1839][12/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3982 (9.3041)
Epoch:[1839][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5814 (9.3239)
Epoch:[1839][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8168 (9.3568)
Epoch:[1839][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0391 (9.3994)
Epoch:[1839][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2421 (9.3902)
Epoch:[1839][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9007 (9.4185)
epoch 1839 finished, takes 33.494991302490234 seconds
Epoch:[1840][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4078 (9.4078)
Epoch:[1840][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9367 (9.1722)
Epoch:[1840][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7234 (9.3559)
Epoch:[1840][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2996 (9.3419)
Epoch:[1840][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5569 (9.3849)
Epoch:[1840][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5669 (9.4152)
Epoch:[1840][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1803 (9.3817)
Epoch:[1840][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0898 (9.4702)
Epoch:[1840][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4618 (9.4692)
Epoch:[1840][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4969 (9.4720)
Epoch:[1840][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4832 (9.4730)
Epoch:[1840][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4510 (9.4712)
Epoch:[1840][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0917 (9.4420)
Epoch:[1840][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2616 (9.4291)
Epoch:[1840][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2618 (9.4180)
Epoch:[1840][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0695 (9.3962)
Epoch:[1840][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7540 (9.4172)
Epoch:[1840][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6539 (9.4304)
epoch 1840 finished, takes 33.58641576766968 seconds
Epoch:[1841][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7094 (9.7094)
Epoch:[1841][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0826 (9.3960)
Epoch:[1841][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7322 (9.5081)
Epoch:[1841][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6443 (9.5421)
Epoch:[1841][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6776 (9.5692)
Epoch:[1841][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7822 (9.6047)
Epoch:[1841][ 6/18]	Time 2.31 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2160 (9.6920)
Epoch:[1841][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5972 (9.6802)
Epoch:[1841][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1358 (9.7308)
Epoch:[1841][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1652 (9.6743)
Epoch:[1841][10/18]	Time 1.93 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4882 (9.6573)
Epoch:[1841][11/18]	Time 2.16 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7164 (9.6623)
Epoch:[1841][12/18]	Time 2.00 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4203 (9.6437)
Epoch:[1841][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3116 (9.6199)
Epoch:[1841][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1850 (9.5909)
Epoch:[1841][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6064 (9.5919)
Epoch:[1841][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4372 (9.5828)
Epoch:[1841][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1874 (9.5608)
epoch 1841 finished, takes 35.53336262702942 seconds
Epoch:[1842][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0296 (9.0296)
Epoch:[1842][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3938 (9.2117)
Epoch:[1842][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0804 (9.1679)
Epoch:[1842][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1728 (9.1691)
Epoch:[1842][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9566 (9.3266)
Epoch:[1842][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1076 (9.2901)
Epoch:[1842][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6396 (9.3400)
Epoch:[1842][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0983 (9.3098)
Epoch:[1842][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7713 (9.3611)
Epoch:[1842][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2116 (9.3462)
Epoch:[1842][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2325 (9.3358)
Epoch:[1842][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2959 (9.3325)
Epoch:[1842][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0998 (9.3146)
Epoch:[1842][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9342 (9.2874)
Epoch:[1842][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0556 (9.2720)
Epoch:[1842][15/18]	Time 1.62 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5798 (9.2912)
Epoch:[1842][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4418 (9.3001)
Epoch:[1842][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3601 (9.3034)
epoch 1842 finished, takes 32.93152642250061 seconds
Epoch:[1843][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3807 (9.3807)
Epoch:[1843][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2899 (9.3353)
Epoch:[1843][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4655 (9.3787)
Epoch:[1843][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9592 (9.2738)
Epoch:[1843][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2081 (9.2607)
Epoch:[1843][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5076 (9.3018)
Epoch:[1843][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2682 (9.2970)
Epoch:[1843][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3705 (9.3062)
Epoch:[1843][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1652 (9.2906)
Epoch:[1843][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5040 (9.3119)
Epoch:[1843][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6290 (9.3407)
Epoch:[1843][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0574 (9.3171)
Epoch:[1843][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3883 (9.3226)
Epoch:[1843][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5661 (9.3400)
Epoch:[1843][14/18]	Time 1.58 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9576 (9.3812)
Epoch:[1843][15/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5815 (9.3937)
Epoch:[1843][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7777 (9.4163)
Epoch:[1843][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0666 (9.3968)
epoch 1843 finished, takes 33.88338041305542 seconds
Epoch:[1844][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9080 (9.9080)
Epoch:[1844][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6159 (9.7620)
Epoch:[1844][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4709 (9.6649)
Epoch:[1844][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2779 (9.5682)
Epoch:[1844][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7071 (9.5960)
Epoch:[1844][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4021 (9.5636)
Epoch:[1844][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8470 (9.6041)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5598967897941555  precision:  0.6070434287725686  f1:  0.5058754689242236 perclass recall:  [0.98787735 0.73784325 0.74843014 0.18928809 0.13604512]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7452110332474684  precision:  0.764133175759873  f1:  0.7468620615706069 perclass recall:  [0.95914397 0.625      0.80133929 0.75283447 0.67594937 0.6953317
 0.75722543 0.69486405]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7064994771254994  precision:  0.7068386296928547  f1:  0.6936418544138446 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.44083969 0.9        0.51612903]
Epoch:[1844][ 7/18]	Time 12.19 (3.15)	Data 10.30 (1.29)	Loss 9.4572 (9.5858)
Epoch:[1844][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (3.00)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 8.6207 (9.4785)
Epoch:[1844][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (2.91)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.3612 (9.4668)
Epoch:[1844][10/18]	Time 1.79 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.7943 (9.4966)
Epoch:[1844][11/18]	Time 1.69 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.3127 (9.4812)
Epoch:[1844][12/18]	Time 1.94 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.1934 (9.4591)
Epoch:[1844][13/18]	Time 1.97 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.8158 (9.4846)
Epoch:[1844][14/18]	Time 1.83 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.0512 (9.4557)
Epoch:[1844][15/18]	Time 1.65 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.6692 (9.4690)
Epoch:[1844][16/18]	Time 2.03 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.7420 (9.4851)
Epoch:[1844][17/18]	Time 1.85 (2.43)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 8.8895 (9.4520)
epoch 1844 finished, takes 43.830323457717896 seconds
Epoch:[1845][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0483 (9.0483)
Epoch:[1845][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3249 (9.1866)
Epoch:[1845][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6649 (9.3460)
Epoch:[1845][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6719 (9.4275)
Epoch:[1845][ 4/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2833 (9.3987)
Epoch:[1845][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1919 (9.3642)
Epoch:[1845][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4867 (9.3817)
Epoch:[1845][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1657 (9.3547)
Epoch:[1845][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8491 (9.4096)
Epoch:[1845][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3960 (9.4083)
Epoch:[1845][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1617 (9.4768)
Epoch:[1845][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3949 (9.4699)
Epoch:[1845][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5633 (9.4771)
Epoch:[1845][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3767 (9.4699)
Epoch:[1845][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1867 (9.4511)
Epoch:[1845][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5773 (9.4590)
Epoch:[1845][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2195 (9.4449)
Epoch:[1845][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0332 (9.4776)
epoch 1845 finished, takes 33.550920486450195 seconds
Epoch:[1846][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1328 (9.1328)
Epoch:[1846][ 1/18]	Time 2.24 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8002 (9.4665)
Epoch:[1846][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0572 (9.6634)
Epoch:[1846][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4390 (9.6073)
Epoch:[1846][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6141 (9.6086)
Epoch:[1846][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2933 (9.5561)
Epoch:[1846][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7087 (9.5779)
Epoch:[1846][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7765 (9.4777)
Epoch:[1846][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5770 (9.4888)
Epoch:[1846][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9774 (9.4376)
Epoch:[1846][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4381 (9.4377)
Epoch:[1846][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3767 (9.4326)
Epoch:[1846][12/18]	Time 1.59 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1248 (9.4089)
Epoch:[1846][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2984 (9.4010)
Epoch:[1846][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5527 (9.4111)
Epoch:[1846][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8453 (9.4383)
Epoch:[1846][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6627 (9.4515)
Epoch:[1846][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6087 (9.4602)
epoch 1846 finished, takes 34.074259519577026 seconds
Epoch:[1847][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0763 (9.0763)
Epoch:[1847][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3838 (9.2301)
Epoch:[1847][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4514 (9.3038)
Epoch:[1847][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6721 (9.3959)
Epoch:[1847][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7474 (9.4662)
Epoch:[1847][ 5/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9281 (9.3765)
Epoch:[1847][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3310 (9.3700)
Epoch:[1847][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7144 (9.4131)
Epoch:[1847][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2966 (9.4001)
Epoch:[1847][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5662 (9.4167)
Epoch:[1847][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5588 (9.4296)
Epoch:[1847][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7608 (9.4572)
Epoch:[1847][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4935 (9.4600)
Epoch:[1847][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7721 (9.4823)
Epoch:[1847][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5328 (9.4857)
Epoch:[1847][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6614 (9.4967)
Epoch:[1847][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9720 (9.5246)
Epoch:[1847][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2746 (9.5107)
epoch 1847 finished, takes 33.396393060684204 seconds
Epoch:[1848][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9363 (8.9363)
Epoch:[1848][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6932 (9.3147)
Epoch:[1848][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1857 (9.2717)
Epoch:[1848][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9088 (9.4310)
Epoch:[1848][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0358 (9.5520)
Epoch:[1848][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4644 (9.5374)
Epoch:[1848][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3191 (9.5062)
Epoch:[1848][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9357 (9.4349)
Epoch:[1848][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7960 (9.4750)
Epoch:[1848][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6843 (9.4959)
Epoch:[1848][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7979 (9.5234)
Epoch:[1848][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2293 (9.4989)
Epoch:[1848][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1220 (9.4699)
Epoch:[1848][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3778 (9.4633)
Epoch:[1848][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9633 (9.4300)
Epoch:[1848][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1866 (9.4148)
Epoch:[1848][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0654 (9.3942)
Epoch:[1848][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4560 (9.3976)
epoch 1848 finished, takes 33.89021348953247 seconds
Epoch:[1849][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3813 (9.3813)
Epoch:[1849][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8225 (9.6019)
Epoch:[1849][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1117 (9.4385)
Epoch:[1849][ 3/18]	Time 1.59 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3431 (9.4146)
Epoch:[1849][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2642 (9.3845)
Epoch:[1849][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4954 (9.4030)
Epoch:[1849][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5380 (9.4223)
Epoch:[1849][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4804 (9.4296)
Epoch:[1849][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4137 (9.4278)
Epoch:[1849][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9730 (9.3823)
Epoch:[1849][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1044 (9.3571)
Epoch:[1849][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3892 (9.3597)
Epoch:[1849][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5541 (9.3747)
Epoch:[1849][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4638 (9.3810)
Epoch:[1849][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3259 (9.3774)
Epoch:[1849][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9014 (9.4101)
Epoch:[1849][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6959 (9.4269)
Epoch:[1849][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4371 (9.4275)
epoch 1849 finished, takes 33.799970388412476 seconds
Epoch:[1850][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3110 (9.3110)
Epoch:[1850][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2698 (9.2904)
Epoch:[1850][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1248 (9.2352)
Epoch:[1850][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7195 (9.3563)
Epoch:[1850][ 4/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6755 (9.4201)
Epoch:[1850][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7815 (9.4804)
Epoch:[1850][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2126 (9.4421)
Epoch:[1850][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5449 (9.4550)
Epoch:[1850][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8735 (9.3904)
Epoch:[1850][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8049 (9.4318)
Epoch:[1850][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4526 (9.4337)
Epoch:[1850][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9549 (9.4771)
Epoch:[1850][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4872 (9.4779)
Epoch:[1850][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1338 (9.4533)
Epoch:[1850][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8002 (9.4765)
Epoch:[1850][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1956 (9.4589)
Epoch:[1850][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7788 (9.4777)
Epoch:[1850][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2506 (9.4651)
epoch 1850 finished, takes 33.38941431045532 seconds
Epoch:[1851][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4736 (9.4736)
Epoch:[1851][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6342 (9.5539)
Epoch:[1851][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0232 (9.3770)
Epoch:[1851][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4543 (9.3963)
Epoch:[1851][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0263 (9.5223)
Epoch:[1851][ 5/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6972 (9.5515)
Epoch:[1851][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4485 (9.5368)
Epoch:[1851][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2425 (9.5000)
Epoch:[1851][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5789 (9.5088)
Epoch:[1851][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.4469 (9.6026)
Epoch:[1851][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3314 (9.5779)
Epoch:[1851][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4844 (9.5701)
Epoch:[1851][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2609 (9.5463)
Epoch:[1851][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4589 (9.5401)
Epoch:[1851][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9045 (9.5644)
Epoch:[1851][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0444 (9.5319)
Epoch:[1851][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7028 (9.5419)
Epoch:[1851][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4615 (9.5375)
epoch 1851 finished, takes 34.37519383430481 seconds
Epoch:[1852][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3958 (9.3958)
Epoch:[1852][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4766 (9.4362)
Epoch:[1852][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5964 (9.4896)
Epoch:[1852][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6395 (9.5271)
Epoch:[1852][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4644 (9.5146)
Epoch:[1852][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5778 (9.5251)
Epoch:[1852][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0214 (9.4531)
Epoch:[1852][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3202 (9.4365)
Epoch:[1852][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0894 (9.3980)
Epoch:[1852][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4245 (9.4006)
Epoch:[1852][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3580 (9.3967)
Epoch:[1852][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5387 (9.4086)
Epoch:[1852][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2637 (9.4743)
Epoch:[1852][13/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1397 (9.4504)
Epoch:[1852][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4208 (9.4485)
Epoch:[1852][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5406 (9.4542)
Epoch:[1852][16/18]	Time 1.64 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2435 (9.4418)
Epoch:[1852][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8207 (9.4629)
epoch 1852 finished, takes 33.74569869041443 seconds
Epoch:[1853][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4003 (9.4003)
Epoch:[1853][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5106 (9.4555)
Epoch:[1853][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6689 (9.5266)
Epoch:[1853][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3490 (9.4822)
Epoch:[1853][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5726 (9.5003)
Epoch:[1853][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6757 (9.5295)
Epoch:[1853][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4718 (9.5213)
Epoch:[1853][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1863 (9.6044)
Epoch:[1853][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2992 (9.5705)
Epoch:[1853][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4925 (9.5627)
Epoch:[1853][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5885 (9.5650)
Epoch:[1853][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6255 (9.5701)
Epoch:[1853][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6475 (9.5760)
Epoch:[1853][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8829 (9.5979)
Epoch:[1853][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5115 (9.5922)
Epoch:[1853][15/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6282 (9.5944)
Epoch:[1853][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4414 (9.5854)
Epoch:[1853][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2996 (9.5695)
epoch 1853 finished, takes 34.16660952568054 seconds
Epoch:[1854][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5781 (9.5781)
Epoch:[1854][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5032 (9.5406)
Epoch:[1854][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9555 (9.6789)
Epoch:[1854][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8857 (9.4806)
Epoch:[1854][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9753 (9.3795)
Epoch:[1854][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9027 (9.4667)
Epoch:[1854][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4227 (9.4604)
Epoch:[1854][ 7/18]	Time 2.27 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5223 (9.4682)
Epoch:[1854][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7765 (9.5024)
Epoch:[1854][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2117 (9.4734)
Epoch:[1854][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2258 (9.4509)
Epoch:[1854][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3749 (9.4445)
Epoch:[1854][12/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6062 (9.4570)
Epoch:[1854][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3760 (9.4512)
Epoch:[1854][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7228 (9.4693)
Epoch:[1854][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2113 (9.4532)
Epoch:[1854][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2711 (9.4425)
Epoch:[1854][17/18]	Time 2.36 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9222 (9.4691)
epoch 1854 finished, takes 35.081395864486694 seconds
Epoch:[1855][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8380 (9.8380)
Epoch:[1855][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2780 (9.5580)
Epoch:[1855][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3518 (9.4893)
Epoch:[1855][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5881 (9.5140)
Epoch:[1855][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2237 (9.4559)
Epoch:[1855][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4320 (9.4519)
Epoch:[1855][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7317 (9.4919)
Epoch:[1855][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5717 (9.5019)
Epoch:[1855][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2363 (9.4724)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5593226226195  precision:  0.6066469871619967  f1:  0.5047469108435089 perclass recall:  [0.98835275 0.7402746  0.74607535 0.18945442 0.13245599]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.744888609337129  precision:  0.7629280326484593  f1:  0.7462980570952207 perclass recall:  [0.95849546 0.62291667 0.80357143 0.75283447 0.68101266 0.69287469
 0.7495183  0.6978852 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7076392992315732  precision:  0.707547387699989  f1:  0.6947273280946584 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96399457 0.96899225 0.4389313  0.9        0.51861042]
Epoch:[1855][ 9/18]	Time 12.19 (2.88)	Data 10.38 (1.04)	Loss 9.1395 (9.4391)
Epoch:[1855][10/18]	Time 1.72 (2.77)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.3878 (9.4344)
Epoch:[1855][11/18]	Time 1.99 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 9.6762 (9.4546)
Epoch:[1855][12/18]	Time 1.73 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.6698 (9.4711)
Epoch:[1855][13/18]	Time 1.82 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.3761 (9.4643)
Epoch:[1855][14/18]	Time 1.80 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.4914 (9.4661)
Epoch:[1855][15/18]	Time 1.86 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 8.9255 (9.4323)
Epoch:[1855][16/18]	Time 1.98 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.1872 (9.4179)
Epoch:[1855][17/18]	Time 1.75 (2.41)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.7723 (9.4376)
epoch 1855 finished, takes 43.427452087402344 seconds
Epoch:[1856][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7820 (9.7820)
Epoch:[1856][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2964 (9.5392)
Epoch:[1856][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0463 (9.3749)
Epoch:[1856][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2825 (9.3518)
Epoch:[1856][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6337 (9.4082)
Epoch:[1856][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3307 (9.3953)
Epoch:[1856][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9070 (9.4684)
Epoch:[1856][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8986 (9.3971)
Epoch:[1856][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4976 (9.4083)
Epoch:[1856][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5683 (9.4243)
Epoch:[1856][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3341 (9.4161)
Epoch:[1856][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6180 (9.4329)
Epoch:[1856][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8027 (9.4614)
Epoch:[1856][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3716 (9.4550)
Epoch:[1856][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3070 (9.4451)
Epoch:[1856][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0109 (9.4180)
Epoch:[1856][16/18]	Time 2.14 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6274 (9.4303)
Epoch:[1856][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8193 (9.3963)
epoch 1856 finished, takes 33.39052987098694 seconds
Epoch:[1857][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3906 (9.3906)
Epoch:[1857][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3186 (9.3546)
Epoch:[1857][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1842 (9.2978)
Epoch:[1857][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8606 (9.4385)
Epoch:[1857][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4887 (9.4485)
Epoch:[1857][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2777 (9.4201)
Epoch:[1857][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4514 (9.4245)
Epoch:[1857][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3351 (9.4133)
Epoch:[1857][ 8/18]	Time 2.18 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3425 (9.4055)
Epoch:[1857][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6436 (9.4293)
Epoch:[1857][10/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4037 (9.4270)
Epoch:[1857][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7636 (9.4550)
Epoch:[1857][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1994 (9.4354)
Epoch:[1857][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3551 (9.4296)
Epoch:[1857][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3633 (9.4252)
Epoch:[1857][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6797 (9.4411)
Epoch:[1857][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9000 (9.4681)
Epoch:[1857][17/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2771 (9.4575)
epoch 1857 finished, takes 33.106602907180786 seconds
Epoch:[1858][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9542 (8.9542)
Epoch:[1858][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5130 (9.2336)
Epoch:[1858][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8994 (9.4555)
Epoch:[1858][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3497 (9.4291)
Epoch:[1858][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2512 (9.3935)
Epoch:[1858][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3971 (9.3941)
Epoch:[1858][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7664 (9.4473)
Epoch:[1858][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0141 (9.3931)
Epoch:[1858][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4594 (9.4005)
Epoch:[1858][ 9/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8232 (9.4428)
Epoch:[1858][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1044 (9.4120)
Epoch:[1858][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0743 (9.3839)
Epoch:[1858][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6976 (9.4080)
Epoch:[1858][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2467 (9.3965)
Epoch:[1858][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3850 (9.3957)
Epoch:[1858][15/18]	Time 2.19 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4062 (9.3964)
Epoch:[1858][16/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9864 (9.4311)
Epoch:[1858][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2488 (9.4209)
epoch 1858 finished, takes 33.94446682929993 seconds
Epoch:[1859][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3370 (9.3370)
Epoch:[1859][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3769 (9.3569)
Epoch:[1859][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4654 (9.3931)
Epoch:[1859][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6844 (9.4659)
Epoch:[1859][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4222 (9.4572)
Epoch:[1859][ 5/18]	Time 1.59 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3261 (9.4353)
Epoch:[1859][ 6/18]	Time 1.61 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3486 (9.4229)
Epoch:[1859][ 7/18]	Time 2.20 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2712 (9.4040)
Epoch:[1859][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2754 (9.3897)
Epoch:[1859][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3450 (9.3852)
Epoch:[1859][10/18]	Time 1.54 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0919 (9.3585)
Epoch:[1859][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8780 (9.4018)
Epoch:[1859][12/18]	Time 2.31 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7533 (9.4289)
Epoch:[1859][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3107 (9.4204)
Epoch:[1859][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9631 (9.3899)
Epoch:[1859][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6392 (9.4055)
Epoch:[1859][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3410 (9.4017)
Epoch:[1859][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1209 (9.4417)
epoch 1859 finished, takes 33.584495544433594 seconds
Epoch:[1860][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2707 (9.2707)
Epoch:[1860][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3402 (9.3055)
Epoch:[1860][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0535 (9.2215)
Epoch:[1860][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6963 (9.3402)
Epoch:[1860][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0662 (9.2854)
Epoch:[1860][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6822 (9.3515)
Epoch:[1860][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3940 (9.3576)
Epoch:[1860][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8618 (9.4206)
Epoch:[1860][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8185 (9.4648)
Epoch:[1860][ 9/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3054 (9.4489)
Epoch:[1860][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2206 (9.4281)
Epoch:[1860][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3554 (9.4221)
Epoch:[1860][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6614 (9.4405)
Epoch:[1860][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4794 (9.4433)
Epoch:[1860][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5884 (9.4529)
Epoch:[1860][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2703 (9.4415)
Epoch:[1860][16/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2651 (9.4311)
Epoch:[1860][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4936 (9.4346)
epoch 1860 finished, takes 33.3450882434845 seconds
Epoch:[1861][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1968 (9.1968)
Epoch:[1861][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8759 (9.5364)
Epoch:[1861][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2653 (9.4460)
Epoch:[1861][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9787 (9.3292)
Epoch:[1861][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1299 (9.2893)
Epoch:[1861][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3345 (9.2969)
Epoch:[1861][ 6/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1198 (9.4144)
Epoch:[1861][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2380 (9.3924)
Epoch:[1861][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3545 (9.3882)
Epoch:[1861][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7504 (9.3244)
Epoch:[1861][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1812 (9.3114)
Epoch:[1861][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4233 (9.3207)
Epoch:[1861][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0783 (9.3021)
Epoch:[1861][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0050 (9.2808)
Epoch:[1861][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3284 (9.2840)
Epoch:[1861][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7427 (9.3127)
Epoch:[1861][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6096 (9.3301)
Epoch:[1861][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6704 (9.3491)
epoch 1861 finished, takes 33.75537157058716 seconds
Epoch:[1862][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5286 (9.5286)
Epoch:[1862][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1103 (9.3195)
Epoch:[1862][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5207 (9.3866)
Epoch:[1862][ 3/18]	Time 2.18 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6572 (9.4542)
Epoch:[1862][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9901 (9.3614)
Epoch:[1862][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4280 (9.3725)
Epoch:[1862][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6353 (9.4100)
Epoch:[1862][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8333 (9.3379)
Epoch:[1862][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9069 (9.4012)
Epoch:[1862][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6070 (9.4217)
Epoch:[1862][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4464 (9.4240)
Epoch:[1862][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1662 (9.4025)
Epoch:[1862][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7133 (9.4264)
Epoch:[1862][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3894 (9.4238)
Epoch:[1862][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5290 (9.4308)
Epoch:[1862][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8698 (9.3957)
Epoch:[1862][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6197 (9.4089)
Epoch:[1862][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3366 (9.4049)
epoch 1862 finished, takes 33.74770784378052 seconds
Epoch:[1863][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7928 (9.7928)
Epoch:[1863][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4196 (9.6062)
Epoch:[1863][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7644 (9.6589)
Epoch:[1863][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4375 (9.6036)
Epoch:[1863][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4514 (9.5732)
Epoch:[1863][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3385 (9.5340)
Epoch:[1863][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6129 (9.5453)
Epoch:[1863][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3120 (9.5161)
Epoch:[1863][ 8/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1555 (9.4761)
Epoch:[1863][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5777 (9.4862)
Epoch:[1863][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1945 (9.4597)
Epoch:[1863][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7694 (9.4022)
Epoch:[1863][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9102 (9.4413)
Epoch:[1863][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2722 (9.4292)
Epoch:[1863][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7766 (9.4524)
Epoch:[1863][15/18]	Time 2.12 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5417 (9.4579)
Epoch:[1863][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3749 (9.4531)
Epoch:[1863][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1099 (9.4340)
epoch 1863 finished, takes 33.31506299972534 seconds
Epoch:[1864][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6117 (9.6117)
Epoch:[1864][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3419 (9.4768)
Epoch:[1864][ 2/18]	Time 2.26 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6806 (9.5448)
Epoch:[1864][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8463 (9.6201)
Epoch:[1864][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2119 (9.5385)
Epoch:[1864][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1204 (9.4688)
Epoch:[1864][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8114 (9.5178)
Epoch:[1864][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5171 (9.5177)
Epoch:[1864][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2553 (9.4885)
Epoch:[1864][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4320 (9.4829)
Epoch:[1864][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5797 (9.4917)
Epoch:[1864][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1446 (9.4627)
Epoch:[1864][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3168 (9.4515)
Epoch:[1864][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4666 (9.4526)
Epoch:[1864][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9271 (9.4176)
Epoch:[1864][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4558 (9.4199)
Epoch:[1864][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4331 (9.4207)
Epoch:[1864][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0553 (9.4004)
epoch 1864 finished, takes 34.47300410270691 seconds
Epoch:[1865][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7155 (9.7155)
Epoch:[1865][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2002 (9.4579)
Epoch:[1865][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1560 (9.3573)
Epoch:[1865][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3977 (9.3674)
Epoch:[1865][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5836 (9.4106)
Epoch:[1865][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2106 (9.3773)
Epoch:[1865][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7357 (9.2856)
Epoch:[1865][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1904 (9.2737)
Epoch:[1865][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6560 (9.3162)
Epoch:[1865][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5620 (9.3408)
Epoch:[1865][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3461 (9.3413)
Epoch:[1865][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7567 (9.3759)
Epoch:[1865][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1374 (9.3575)
Epoch:[1865][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4172 (9.3618)
Epoch:[1865][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6025 (9.3778)
Epoch:[1865][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5022 (9.3856)
Epoch:[1865][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2982 (9.3805)
Epoch:[1865][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5036 (9.3873)
epoch 1865 finished, takes 33.52363848686218 seconds
Epoch:[1866][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9061 (9.9061)
Epoch:[1866][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5976 (9.7518)
Epoch:[1866][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2204 (9.5747)
Epoch:[1866][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5604 (9.5711)
Epoch:[1866][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4070 (9.5383)
Epoch:[1866][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5816 (9.5455)
Epoch:[1866][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2978 (9.5101)
Epoch:[1866][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2208 (9.4740)
Epoch:[1866][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3631 (9.4616)
Epoch:[1866][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9180 (9.5073)
Epoch:[1866][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3797 (9.4957)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5610089532559291  precision:  0.6154147707593405  f1:  0.5075864228262832 perclass recall:  [0.98763965 0.73998856 0.74843014 0.18695941 0.142027  ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.747042075956943  precision:  0.764762370720018  f1:  0.7481090471435071 perclass recall:  [0.95590143 0.625      0.80580357 0.74829932 0.68860759 0.6977887
 0.761079   0.693857  ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7065554747406129  precision:  0.7073135699578469  f1:  0.6939698393870031 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.4389313  0.8969697  0.51861042]
Epoch:[1866][11/18]	Time 12.32 (2.70)	Data 10.32 (0.86)	Loss 10.6307 (9.5903)
Epoch:[1866][12/18]	Time 1.98 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.1331 (9.5551)
Epoch:[1866][13/18]	Time 1.75 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.3056 (9.5373)
Epoch:[1866][14/18]	Time 1.68 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.0521 (9.5049)
Epoch:[1866][15/18]	Time 1.86 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.1212 (9.4810)
Epoch:[1866][16/18]	Time 1.96 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.2149 (9.4653)
Epoch:[1866][17/18]	Time 1.91 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.0348 (9.4414)
epoch 1866 finished, takes 43.53665113449097 seconds
Epoch:[1867][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2074 (9.2074)
Epoch:[1867][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5907 (9.3990)
Epoch:[1867][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1817 (9.3266)
Epoch:[1867][ 3/18]	Time 2.24 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8944 (9.4686)
Epoch:[1867][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4211 (9.4591)
Epoch:[1867][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8289 (9.3540)
Epoch:[1867][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3330 (9.3510)
Epoch:[1867][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7309 (9.3985)
Epoch:[1867][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0692 (9.3619)
Epoch:[1867][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9638 (9.3221)
Epoch:[1867][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4979 (9.3381)
Epoch:[1867][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9597 (9.3066)
Epoch:[1867][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1049 (9.2911)
Epoch:[1867][13/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0221 (9.2719)
Epoch:[1867][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0562 (9.2575)
Epoch:[1867][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8830 (9.2966)
Epoch:[1867][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4599 (9.3062)
Epoch:[1867][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9279 (9.3407)
epoch 1867 finished, takes 34.11668825149536 seconds
Epoch:[1868][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7779 (9.7779)
Epoch:[1868][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5582 (9.6681)
Epoch:[1868][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1498 (9.4953)
Epoch:[1868][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2083 (9.4236)
Epoch:[1868][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7297 (9.4848)
Epoch:[1868][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8146 (9.5397)
Epoch:[1868][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4258 (9.5235)
Epoch:[1868][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0709 (9.4669)
Epoch:[1868][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0805 (9.4240)
Epoch:[1868][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7862 (9.4602)
Epoch:[1868][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3670 (9.4517)
Epoch:[1868][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4598 (9.4524)
Epoch:[1868][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5988 (9.4637)
Epoch:[1868][13/18]	Time 1.58 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1587 (9.4419)
Epoch:[1868][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2612 (9.4298)
Epoch:[1868][15/18]	Time 2.52 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7605 (9.4505)
Epoch:[1868][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8862 (9.4173)
Epoch:[1868][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1659 (9.4033)
epoch 1868 finished, takes 34.4689998626709 seconds
Epoch:[1869][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0579 (9.0579)
Epoch:[1869][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0703 (9.0641)
Epoch:[1869][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3766 (9.1682)
Epoch:[1869][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2275 (9.1831)
Epoch:[1869][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2880 (9.2040)
Epoch:[1869][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2197 (9.2066)
Epoch:[1869][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9733 (9.3162)
Epoch:[1869][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3204 (9.3167)
Epoch:[1869][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7656 (9.3666)
Epoch:[1869][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6316 (9.3931)
Epoch:[1869][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8822 (9.4375)
Epoch:[1869][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6881 (9.4584)
Epoch:[1869][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1783 (9.4369)
Epoch:[1869][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7170 (9.4569)
Epoch:[1869][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1283 (9.4350)
Epoch:[1869][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2642 (9.4243)
Epoch:[1869][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3067 (9.4174)
Epoch:[1869][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8100 (9.4392)
epoch 1869 finished, takes 33.80340909957886 seconds
Epoch:[1870][ 0/18]	Time 1.60 (1.60)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3037 (9.3037)
Epoch:[1870][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8034 (9.5535)
Epoch:[1870][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6528 (9.5866)
Epoch:[1870][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1085 (9.4671)
Epoch:[1870][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7257 (9.5188)
Epoch:[1870][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6123 (9.5344)
Epoch:[1870][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5457 (9.5360)
Epoch:[1870][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6088 (9.5451)
Epoch:[1870][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5121 (9.5415)
Epoch:[1870][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0417 (9.4915)
Epoch:[1870][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0590 (9.5431)
Epoch:[1870][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7029 (9.5564)
Epoch:[1870][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4228 (9.5461)
Epoch:[1870][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4268 (9.5376)
Epoch:[1870][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9018 (9.4952)
Epoch:[1870][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9138 (9.5214)
Epoch:[1870][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2370 (9.5046)
Epoch:[1870][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7602 (9.5188)
epoch 1870 finished, takes 33.48017120361328 seconds
Epoch:[1871][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4792 (9.4792)
Epoch:[1871][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6058 (9.5425)
Epoch:[1871][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4192 (9.5014)
Epoch:[1871][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1765 (9.6702)
Epoch:[1871][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1207 (9.5603)
Epoch:[1871][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3156 (9.5195)
Epoch:[1871][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0654 (9.4546)
Epoch:[1871][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3808 (9.4454)
Epoch:[1871][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0834 (9.4052)
Epoch:[1871][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2919 (9.3938)
Epoch:[1871][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4793 (9.4016)
Epoch:[1871][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4351 (9.4044)
Epoch:[1871][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9827 (9.3720)
Epoch:[1871][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6522 (9.3920)
Epoch:[1871][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5723 (9.4040)
Epoch:[1871][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4575 (9.4073)
Epoch:[1871][16/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6199 (9.4198)
Epoch:[1871][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4338 (9.4206)
epoch 1871 finished, takes 33.56222438812256 seconds
Epoch:[1872][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5300 (9.5300)
Epoch:[1872][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5482 (9.5391)
Epoch:[1872][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4351 (9.5044)
Epoch:[1872][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1750 (9.4221)
Epoch:[1872][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2347 (9.3846)
Epoch:[1872][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8361 (9.4599)
Epoch:[1872][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4776 (9.4624)
Epoch:[1872][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0862 (9.4154)
Epoch:[1872][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0087 (9.3702)
Epoch:[1872][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4056 (9.3737)
Epoch:[1872][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6358 (9.3976)
Epoch:[1872][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7487 (9.4268)
Epoch:[1872][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9954 (9.3936)
Epoch:[1872][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5293 (9.4033)
Epoch:[1872][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3129 (9.3973)
Epoch:[1872][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3780 (9.3961)
Epoch:[1872][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2542 (9.3877)
Epoch:[1872][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3411 (9.3851)
epoch 1872 finished, takes 34.143794775009155 seconds
Epoch:[1873][ 0/18]	Time 2.16 (2.16)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6743 (9.6743)
Epoch:[1873][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6772 (9.6758)
Epoch:[1873][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6209 (9.6575)
Epoch:[1873][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0149 (9.4968)
Epoch:[1873][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5834 (9.5141)
Epoch:[1873][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1997 (9.4617)
Epoch:[1873][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6145 (9.4836)
Epoch:[1873][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9163 (9.5377)
Epoch:[1873][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5417 (9.5381)
Epoch:[1873][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6438 (9.5487)
Epoch:[1873][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2713 (9.5235)
Epoch:[1873][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4229 (9.5151)
Epoch:[1873][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3333 (9.5011)
Epoch:[1873][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1493 (9.4760)
Epoch:[1873][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6425 (9.4871)
Epoch:[1873][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2925 (9.4749)
Epoch:[1873][16/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2366 (9.4609)
Epoch:[1873][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1088 (9.4413)
epoch 1873 finished, takes 33.627185583114624 seconds
Epoch:[1874][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5207 (9.5207)
Epoch:[1874][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0351 (9.2779)
Epoch:[1874][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4923 (9.3494)
Epoch:[1874][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3500 (9.3495)
Epoch:[1874][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5206 (9.3837)
Epoch:[1874][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7465 (9.4442)
Epoch:[1874][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5273 (9.4561)
Epoch:[1874][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7240 (9.4896)
Epoch:[1874][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8198 (9.5263)
Epoch:[1874][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0208 (9.4757)
Epoch:[1874][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4970 (9.4776)
Epoch:[1874][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6090 (9.4886)
Epoch:[1874][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8152 (9.5137)
Epoch:[1874][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2300 (9.4935)
Epoch:[1874][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4522 (9.4907)
Epoch:[1874][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3354 (9.4810)
Epoch:[1874][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1862 (9.4637)
Epoch:[1874][17/18]	Time 2.14 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0812 (9.4424)
epoch 1874 finished, takes 33.39611077308655 seconds
Epoch:[1875][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1619 (9.1619)
Epoch:[1875][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2278 (9.1948)
Epoch:[1875][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5545 (9.3147)
Epoch:[1875][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8700 (9.4536)
Epoch:[1875][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3041 (9.4237)
Epoch:[1875][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0636 (9.5303)
Epoch:[1875][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4194 (9.5145)
Epoch:[1875][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1984 (9.4750)
Epoch:[1875][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3520 (9.4613)
Epoch:[1875][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2522 (9.4404)
Epoch:[1875][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8003 (9.4731)
Epoch:[1875][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5219 (9.4772)
Epoch:[1875][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3838 (9.4700)
Epoch:[1875][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3613 (9.4622)
Epoch:[1875][14/18]	Time 2.37 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6929 (9.4776)
Epoch:[1875][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7750 (9.4337)
Epoch:[1875][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1263 (9.4156)
Epoch:[1875][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0680 (9.4519)
epoch 1875 finished, takes 33.88636350631714 seconds
Epoch:[1876][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6391 (9.6391)
Epoch:[1876][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7350 (9.6870)
Epoch:[1876][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3122 (9.5621)
Epoch:[1876][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8451 (9.3828)
Epoch:[1876][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3330 (9.3729)
Epoch:[1876][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0929 (9.3262)
Epoch:[1876][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6939 (9.3788)
Epoch:[1876][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2787 (9.3662)
Epoch:[1876][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0668 (9.3330)
Epoch:[1876][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2822 (9.3279)
Epoch:[1876][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5187 (9.3452)
Epoch:[1876][11/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4469 (9.3537)
Epoch:[1876][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8477 (9.3917)
Epoch:[1876][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5858 (9.4056)
Epoch:[1876][14/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5757 (9.4169)
Epoch:[1876][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0725 (9.3954)
Epoch:[1876][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5015 (9.4016)
Epoch:[1876][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9356 (9.3758)
epoch 1876 finished, takes 34.023115396499634 seconds
Epoch:[1877][ 0/18]	Time 1.60 (1.60)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6619 (9.6619)
Epoch:[1877][ 1/18]	Time 1.63 (1.61)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3264 (9.4942)
Epoch:[1877][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5370 (9.5085)
Epoch:[1877][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0038 (9.3823)
Epoch:[1877][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2558 (9.3570)
Epoch:[1877][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2935 (9.3464)
Epoch:[1877][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2214 (9.3286)
Epoch:[1877][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6725 (9.3716)
Epoch:[1877][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9327 (9.4339)
Epoch:[1877][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5566 (9.4462)
Epoch:[1877][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9996 (9.4965)
Epoch:[1877][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2220 (9.4736)
Epoch:[1877][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1698 (9.4502)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5603848371748269  precision:  0.6132516412900945  f1:  0.5068092835648269 perclass recall:  [0.98859044 0.73741419 0.74843014 0.18546241 0.142027  ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7463895483735993  precision:  0.7639159423412112  f1:  0.747378673425062 perclass recall:  [0.95525292 0.625      0.80580357 0.75283447 0.67594937 0.7002457
 0.75915222 0.69687815]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7066588659730363  precision:  0.7075889762607979  f1:  0.6942526813187267 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.4389313  0.8969697  0.51923077]
Epoch:[1877][13/18]	Time 12.19 (2.61)	Data 10.34 (0.74)	Loss 9.5298 (9.4559)
Epoch:[1877][14/18]	Time 1.97 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.6566 (9.4693)
Epoch:[1877][15/18]	Time 1.95 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.7572 (9.4873)
Epoch:[1877][16/18]	Time 2.04 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.5021 (9.4882)
Epoch:[1877][17/18]	Time 1.82 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 8.8166 (9.4509)
epoch 1877 finished, takes 44.39161491394043 seconds
Epoch:[1878][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5574 (8.5574)
Epoch:[1878][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7384 (9.1479)
Epoch:[1878][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2576 (9.1845)
Epoch:[1878][ 3/18]	Time 1.57 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4914 (9.2612)
Epoch:[1878][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8646 (9.3819)
Epoch:[1878][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2151 (9.3541)
Epoch:[1878][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5783 (9.3861)
Epoch:[1878][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3789 (9.3852)
Epoch:[1878][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5522 (9.4038)
Epoch:[1878][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7528 (9.4387)
Epoch:[1878][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5266 (9.4467)
Epoch:[1878][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8499 (9.4803)
Epoch:[1878][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9429 (9.5159)
Epoch:[1878][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8320 (9.5384)
Epoch:[1878][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8995 (9.5625)
Epoch:[1878][15/18]	Time 2.13 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7443 (9.5739)
Epoch:[1878][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0635 (9.5438)
Epoch:[1878][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2983 (9.5302)
epoch 1878 finished, takes 33.12101221084595 seconds
Epoch:[1879][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3163 (9.3163)
Epoch:[1879][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8885 (9.6024)
Epoch:[1879][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1274 (9.4440)
Epoch:[1879][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4878 (9.4550)
Epoch:[1879][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0988 (9.3837)
Epoch:[1879][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6589 (9.2629)
Epoch:[1879][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7157 (9.3276)
Epoch:[1879][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5048 (9.3498)
Epoch:[1879][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2766 (9.3416)
Epoch:[1879][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1700 (9.3245)
Epoch:[1879][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1632 (9.3098)
Epoch:[1879][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6728 (9.3401)
Epoch:[1879][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5432 (9.3557)
Epoch:[1879][13/18]	Time 2.15 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3371 (9.3544)
Epoch:[1879][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1512 (9.3408)
Epoch:[1879][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6215 (9.3584)
Epoch:[1879][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6865 (9.3777)
Epoch:[1879][17/18]	Time 2.26 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3794 (9.3778)
epoch 1879 finished, takes 34.510730266571045 seconds
Epoch:[1880][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0095 (9.0095)
Epoch:[1880][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7045 (9.3570)
Epoch:[1880][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4459 (9.3866)
Epoch:[1880][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1258 (9.3214)
Epoch:[1880][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2147 (9.3001)
Epoch:[1880][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3225 (9.3038)
Epoch:[1880][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8469 (9.2385)
Epoch:[1880][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1221 (9.2240)
Epoch:[1880][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1230 (9.2128)
Epoch:[1880][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1586 (9.2074)
Epoch:[1880][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9369 (9.2737)
Epoch:[1880][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4131 (9.2853)
Epoch:[1880][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4576 (9.2985)
Epoch:[1880][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5948 (9.3197)
Epoch:[1880][14/18]	Time 2.20 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5743 (9.3367)
Epoch:[1880][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4202 (9.3419)
Epoch:[1880][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4412 (9.3477)
Epoch:[1880][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9761 (9.3271)
epoch 1880 finished, takes 32.93316960334778 seconds
Epoch:[1881][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6911 (9.6911)
Epoch:[1881][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5850 (9.6381)
Epoch:[1881][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5080 (9.5947)
Epoch:[1881][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1186 (9.4757)
Epoch:[1881][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0903 (9.3986)
Epoch:[1881][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5450 (9.2563)
Epoch:[1881][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1983 (9.2480)
Epoch:[1881][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5812 (9.2897)
Epoch:[1881][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4883 (9.3118)
Epoch:[1881][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4278 (9.3234)
Epoch:[1881][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1725 (9.3097)
Epoch:[1881][11/18]	Time 2.22 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1885 (9.2996)
Epoch:[1881][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3181 (9.3010)
Epoch:[1881][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3984 (9.3079)
Epoch:[1881][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2106 (9.3014)
Epoch:[1881][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1698 (9.2932)
Epoch:[1881][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3918 (9.2990)
Epoch:[1881][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2352 (9.2955)
epoch 1881 finished, takes 34.199172258377075 seconds
Epoch:[1882][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3413 (9.3413)
Epoch:[1882][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5310 (9.4362)
Epoch:[1882][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9281 (9.6001)
Epoch:[1882][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3639 (9.5411)
Epoch:[1882][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2963 (9.4921)
Epoch:[1882][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3773 (9.4730)
Epoch:[1882][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2980 (9.4480)
Epoch:[1882][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7471 (9.4854)
Epoch:[1882][ 8/18]	Time 2.14 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2697 (9.4614)
Epoch:[1882][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4412 (9.4594)
Epoch:[1882][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2502 (9.4404)
Epoch:[1882][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6140 (9.4548)
Epoch:[1882][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2950 (9.4425)
Epoch:[1882][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1231 (9.4197)
Epoch:[1882][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2265 (9.4735)
Epoch:[1882][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6998 (9.4877)
Epoch:[1882][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5518 (9.4914)
Epoch:[1882][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3935 (9.4860)
epoch 1882 finished, takes 33.32728624343872 seconds
Epoch:[1883][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5694 (9.5694)
Epoch:[1883][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3559 (9.4626)
Epoch:[1883][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4931 (9.4728)
Epoch:[1883][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5015 (9.4800)
Epoch:[1883][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4335 (9.4707)
Epoch:[1883][ 5/18]	Time 2.16 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8780 (9.5386)
Epoch:[1883][ 6/18]	Time 1.63 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3082 (9.5056)
Epoch:[1883][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7482 (9.5360)
Epoch:[1883][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4043 (9.5213)
Epoch:[1883][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4600 (9.5152)
Epoch:[1883][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8113 (9.4512)
Epoch:[1883][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6807 (9.4703)
Epoch:[1883][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6339 (9.4829)
Epoch:[1883][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3697 (9.4748)
Epoch:[1883][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1077 (9.4504)
Epoch:[1883][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1210 (9.4298)
Epoch:[1883][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1888 (9.4744)
Epoch:[1883][17/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1589 (9.4569)
epoch 1883 finished, takes 33.793596506118774 seconds
Epoch:[1884][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9974 (8.9974)
Epoch:[1884][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5453 (9.2713)
Epoch:[1884][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8464 (9.4630)
Epoch:[1884][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6517 (9.5102)
Epoch:[1884][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0906 (9.4263)
Epoch:[1884][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3642 (9.4159)
Epoch:[1884][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4559 (9.4216)
Epoch:[1884][ 7/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3554 (9.4133)
Epoch:[1884][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1076 (9.3794)
Epoch:[1884][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2500 (9.3664)
Epoch:[1884][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7536 (9.4016)
Epoch:[1884][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2183 (9.3864)
Epoch:[1884][12/18]	Time 2.33 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3281 (9.3819)
Epoch:[1884][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0720 (9.3597)
Epoch:[1884][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8879 (9.3950)
Epoch:[1884][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2092 (9.3833)
Epoch:[1884][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3983 (9.3842)
Epoch:[1884][17/18]	Time 2.39 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2720 (9.3780)
epoch 1884 finished, takes 34.851977586746216 seconds
Epoch:[1885][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6357 (9.6357)
Epoch:[1885][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4962 (9.5660)
Epoch:[1885][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6593 (9.2637)
Epoch:[1885][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3417 (9.2832)
Epoch:[1885][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1415 (9.2549)
Epoch:[1885][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4806 (9.2925)
Epoch:[1885][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8010 (9.3651)
Epoch:[1885][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7111 (9.4084)
Epoch:[1885][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7910 (9.4509)
Epoch:[1885][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0579 (9.4116)
Epoch:[1885][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3839 (9.4091)
Epoch:[1885][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4833 (9.4153)
Epoch:[1885][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4837 (9.4205)
Epoch:[1885][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5483 (9.4297)
Epoch:[1885][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3826 (9.4265)
Epoch:[1885][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2984 (9.4185)
Epoch:[1885][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2633 (9.4094)
Epoch:[1885][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2789 (9.4021)
epoch 1885 finished, takes 33.956942081451416 seconds
Epoch:[1886][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9838 (8.9838)
Epoch:[1886][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9365 (8.9601)
Epoch:[1886][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6570 (9.1924)
Epoch:[1886][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0759 (9.1633)
Epoch:[1886][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5014 (9.2309)
Epoch:[1886][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5785 (9.2889)
Epoch:[1886][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5709 (9.3291)
Epoch:[1886][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6895 (9.3742)
Epoch:[1886][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6336 (9.4030)
Epoch:[1886][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1520 (9.3779)
Epoch:[1886][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3187 (9.3725)
Epoch:[1886][11/18]	Time 2.18 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5877 (9.3905)
Epoch:[1886][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2765 (9.3817)
Epoch:[1886][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1791 (9.3672)
Epoch:[1886][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9934 (9.3423)
Epoch:[1886][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3069 (9.3401)
Epoch:[1886][16/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5565 (9.3528)
Epoch:[1886][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2616 (9.3477)
epoch 1886 finished, takes 34.34792709350586 seconds
Epoch:[1887][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9381 (9.9381)
Epoch:[1887][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5050 (9.7216)
Epoch:[1887][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4236 (9.6223)
Epoch:[1887][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1187 (9.4964)
Epoch:[1887][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4253 (9.4822)
Epoch:[1887][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3516 (9.4604)
Epoch:[1887][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4793 (9.4631)
Epoch:[1887][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6910 (9.4916)
Epoch:[1887][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1681 (9.4556)
Epoch:[1887][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5280 (9.4629)
Epoch:[1887][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4267 (9.4596)
Epoch:[1887][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7589 (9.4845)
Epoch:[1887][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4514 (9.4820)
Epoch:[1887][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2626 (9.4663)
Epoch:[1887][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9970 (9.4350)
Epoch:[1887][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2176 (9.4214)
Epoch:[1887][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4874 (9.4253)
Epoch:[1887][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2856 (9.4175)
epoch 1887 finished, takes 33.20462203025818 seconds
Epoch:[1888][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1280 (9.1280)
Epoch:[1888][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2552 (9.1916)
Epoch:[1888][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8681 (9.4171)
Epoch:[1888][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2454 (9.3742)
Epoch:[1888][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1602 (9.3314)
Epoch:[1888][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2253 (9.3137)
Epoch:[1888][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5087 (9.3416)
Epoch:[1888][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4855 (9.3595)
Epoch:[1888][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1789 (9.3395)
Epoch:[1888][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5165 (9.3572)
Epoch:[1888][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5008 (9.3702)
Epoch:[1888][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7450 (9.4015)
Epoch:[1888][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2593 (9.3905)
Epoch:[1888][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5765 (9.4038)
Epoch:[1888][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3300 (9.3989)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.560838415111568  precision:  0.6139470048875564  f1:  0.5075538865823663 perclass recall:  [0.98859044 0.73784325 0.74843014 0.18695941 0.14236883]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7486974306394908  precision:  0.7668400012018469  f1:  0.7493763439719492 perclass recall:  [0.95460441 0.625      0.80580357 0.7414966  0.69367089 0.71498771
 0.75915222 0.69486405]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7054175935793068  precision:  0.7067012686370617  f1:  0.6929488569624711 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.4389313  0.8969697  0.51736973]
Epoch:[1888][15/18]	Time 12.45 (2.51)	Data 10.33 (0.65)	Loss 9.5311 (9.4072)
Epoch:[1888][16/18]	Time 1.90 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.2330 (9.3969)
Epoch:[1888][17/18]	Time 1.82 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.6057 (9.4085)
epoch 1888 finished, takes 43.92859482765198 seconds
Epoch:[1889][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2269 (9.2269)
Epoch:[1889][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3042 (9.2655)
Epoch:[1889][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2510 (9.2607)
Epoch:[1889][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6067 (9.3472)
Epoch:[1889][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9132 (9.4604)
Epoch:[1889][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2398 (9.4236)
Epoch:[1889][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6425 (9.4549)
Epoch:[1889][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5477 (9.4665)
Epoch:[1889][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1947 (9.4363)
Epoch:[1889][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0842 (9.4011)
Epoch:[1889][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8204 (9.4392)
Epoch:[1889][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4058 (9.4364)
Epoch:[1889][12/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9132 (9.4731)
Epoch:[1889][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3754 (9.4661)
Epoch:[1889][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1841 (9.4473)
Epoch:[1889][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3501 (9.4412)
Epoch:[1889][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9785 (9.4140)
Epoch:[1889][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6862 (9.4291)
epoch 1889 finished, takes 33.300983905792236 seconds
Epoch:[1890][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6526 (9.6526)
Epoch:[1890][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6895 (9.6711)
Epoch:[1890][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0277 (9.4566)
Epoch:[1890][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3485 (9.4296)
Epoch:[1890][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9965 (9.3430)
Epoch:[1890][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3785 (9.3489)
Epoch:[1890][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3330 (9.3466)
Epoch:[1890][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4236 (9.3563)
Epoch:[1890][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3722 (9.3580)
Epoch:[1890][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1954 (9.3418)
Epoch:[1890][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4134 (9.3483)
Epoch:[1890][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2751 (9.3422)
Epoch:[1890][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7871 (9.2995)
Epoch:[1890][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6125 (9.3218)
Epoch:[1890][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6614 (9.3445)
Epoch:[1890][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5616 (9.3580)
Epoch:[1890][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2507 (9.3517)
Epoch:[1890][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7789 (9.3755)
epoch 1890 finished, takes 34.110527753829956 seconds
Epoch:[1891][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2824 (9.2824)
Epoch:[1891][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2909 (9.2867)
Epoch:[1891][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6191 (9.3975)
Epoch:[1891][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3921 (9.3961)
Epoch:[1891][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3525 (9.3874)
Epoch:[1891][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8143 (9.4586)
Epoch:[1891][ 6/18]	Time 2.23 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7544 (9.5008)
Epoch:[1891][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7188 (9.5281)
Epoch:[1891][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6900 (9.4349)
Epoch:[1891][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3030 (9.4218)
Epoch:[1891][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5783 (9.3451)
Epoch:[1891][11/18]	Time 2.21 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5829 (9.3649)
Epoch:[1891][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8059 (9.3988)
Epoch:[1891][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3564 (9.3958)
Epoch:[1891][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3458 (9.3924)
Epoch:[1891][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2349 (9.3826)
Epoch:[1891][16/18]	Time 2.21 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4609 (9.3872)
Epoch:[1891][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2320 (9.3786)
epoch 1891 finished, takes 34.428307056427 seconds
Epoch:[1892][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3721 (9.3721)
Epoch:[1892][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4999 (9.4360)
Epoch:[1892][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4591 (9.4437)
Epoch:[1892][ 3/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0125 (9.3359)
Epoch:[1892][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6388 (9.3965)
Epoch:[1892][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8422 (9.3041)
Epoch:[1892][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0448 (9.2671)
Epoch:[1892][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9783 (9.3560)
Epoch:[1892][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6582 (9.3895)
Epoch:[1892][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3952 (9.3901)
Epoch:[1892][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1140 (9.3650)
Epoch:[1892][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5996 (9.3845)
Epoch:[1892][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1353 (9.3654)
Epoch:[1892][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8672 (9.4012)
Epoch:[1892][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1907 (9.3872)
Epoch:[1892][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6733 (9.4051)
Epoch:[1892][16/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3235 (9.4003)
Epoch:[1892][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4965 (9.4056)
epoch 1892 finished, takes 33.58811664581299 seconds
Epoch:[1893][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2176 (9.2176)
Epoch:[1893][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8234 (9.5205)
Epoch:[1893][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4436 (9.4949)
Epoch:[1893][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9466 (9.3578)
Epoch:[1893][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1910 (9.3244)
Epoch:[1893][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3030 (9.3209)
Epoch:[1893][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1063 (9.2902)
Epoch:[1893][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0254 (9.2571)
Epoch:[1893][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5645 (9.2913)
Epoch:[1893][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4893 (9.3111)
Epoch:[1893][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3017 (9.3102)
Epoch:[1893][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2276 (9.3033)
Epoch:[1893][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3032 (9.3033)
Epoch:[1893][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2783 (9.3015)
Epoch:[1893][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8975 (9.2746)
Epoch:[1893][15/18]	Time 2.23 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1536 (9.2670)
Epoch:[1893][16/18]	Time 2.29 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2742 (9.2675)
Epoch:[1893][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4149 (9.2756)
epoch 1893 finished, takes 34.5500864982605 seconds
Epoch:[1894][ 0/18]	Time 1.49 (1.49)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7235 (8.7235)
Epoch:[1894][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6023 (9.1629)
Epoch:[1894][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4803 (9.2687)
Epoch:[1894][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8047 (9.4027)
Epoch:[1894][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3218 (9.3865)
Epoch:[1894][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3849 (9.3862)
Epoch:[1894][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5458 (9.4090)
Epoch:[1894][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2579 (9.3901)
Epoch:[1894][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3686 (9.3877)
Epoch:[1894][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4103 (9.3900)
Epoch:[1894][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2067 (9.3733)
Epoch:[1894][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6242 (9.3942)
Epoch:[1894][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1077 (9.3722)
Epoch:[1894][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5864 (9.3875)
Epoch:[1894][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1178 (9.3695)
Epoch:[1894][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0640 (9.3504)
Epoch:[1894][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2552 (9.3448)
Epoch:[1894][17/18]	Time 2.18 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3022 (9.3424)
epoch 1894 finished, takes 33.87206697463989 seconds
Epoch:[1895][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6091 (9.6091)
Epoch:[1895][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2305 (9.4198)
Epoch:[1895][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9135 (9.2511)
Epoch:[1895][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1307 (9.2210)
Epoch:[1895][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7728 (9.3313)
Epoch:[1895][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9977 (9.4424)
Epoch:[1895][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9478 (9.5146)
Epoch:[1895][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6869 (9.5361)
Epoch:[1895][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0833 (9.4858)
Epoch:[1895][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1442 (9.4517)
Epoch:[1895][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1947 (9.4283)
Epoch:[1895][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5516 (9.4386)
Epoch:[1895][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8463 (9.4699)
Epoch:[1895][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1802 (9.4492)
Epoch:[1895][14/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3597 (9.4433)
Epoch:[1895][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1852 (9.4271)
Epoch:[1895][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2542 (9.4170)
Epoch:[1895][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6720 (9.4311)
epoch 1895 finished, takes 34.32351756095886 seconds
Epoch:[1896][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2189 (9.2189)
Epoch:[1896][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3278 (9.2734)
Epoch:[1896][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6510 (9.3993)
Epoch:[1896][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9141 (9.5280)
Epoch:[1896][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1991 (9.4622)
Epoch:[1896][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5388 (9.4750)
Epoch:[1896][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1825 (9.4332)
Epoch:[1896][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3261 (9.4198)
Epoch:[1896][ 8/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4210 (9.4199)
Epoch:[1896][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6349 (9.4414)
Epoch:[1896][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3117 (9.4296)
Epoch:[1896][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2133 (9.4116)
Epoch:[1896][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3848 (9.4095)
Epoch:[1896][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0305 (9.4539)
Epoch:[1896][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5384 (9.4595)
Epoch:[1896][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1721 (9.4416)
Epoch:[1896][16/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8986 (9.4685)
Epoch:[1896][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0694 (9.4463)
epoch 1896 finished, takes 33.846057176589966 seconds
Epoch:[1897][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5837 (9.5837)
Epoch:[1897][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2425 (9.4131)
Epoch:[1897][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0987 (9.3083)
Epoch:[1897][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3276 (9.3131)
Epoch:[1897][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3895 (9.3284)
Epoch:[1897][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3765 (9.3364)
Epoch:[1897][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3868 (9.3436)
Epoch:[1897][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4698 (9.3594)
Epoch:[1897][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4652 (9.3711)
Epoch:[1897][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7374 (9.4078)
Epoch:[1897][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7827 (9.4419)
Epoch:[1897][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4191 (9.4400)
Epoch:[1897][12/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7656 (9.4650)
Epoch:[1897][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2769 (9.4516)
Epoch:[1897][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2886 (9.4407)
Epoch:[1897][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7391 (9.4593)
Epoch:[1897][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2950 (9.4497)
Epoch:[1897][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4450 (9.4494)
epoch 1897 finished, takes 34.09246206283569 seconds
Epoch:[1898][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0280 (9.0280)
Epoch:[1898][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6958 (9.3619)
Epoch:[1898][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4098 (9.3779)
Epoch:[1898][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0865 (9.5550)
Epoch:[1898][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3683 (9.5177)
Epoch:[1898][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3168 (9.4842)
Epoch:[1898][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6056 (9.5016)
Epoch:[1898][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4472 (9.4948)
Epoch:[1898][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1252 (9.4537)
Epoch:[1898][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9735 (9.4057)
Epoch:[1898][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4346 (9.4083)
Epoch:[1898][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1909 (9.3902)
Epoch:[1898][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2546 (9.3798)
Epoch:[1898][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8335 (9.3407)
Epoch:[1898][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2836 (9.3369)
Epoch:[1898][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0889 (9.3839)
Epoch:[1898][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1216 (9.3685)
Epoch:[1898][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4697 (9.3741)
epoch 1898 finished, takes 34.63626432418823 seconds
Epoch:[1899][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4352 (9.4352)
Epoch:[1899][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7365 (9.5859)
Epoch:[1899][ 2/18]	Time 2.33 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9803 (9.3840)
Epoch:[1899][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1128 (9.3162)
Epoch:[1899][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6262 (9.3782)
Epoch:[1899][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4628 (9.3923)
Epoch:[1899][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3423 (9.3852)
Epoch:[1899][ 7/18]	Time 2.19 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0824 (9.3473)
Epoch:[1899][ 8/18]	Time 1.59 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4269 (9.3562)
Epoch:[1899][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2559 (9.3461)
Epoch:[1899][10/18]	Time 2.17 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3538 (9.3468)
Epoch:[1899][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3917 (9.3506)
Epoch:[1899][12/18]	Time 2.11 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5776 (9.3680)
Epoch:[1899][13/18]	Time 1.64 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2988 (9.3631)
Epoch:[1899][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1172 (9.3467)
Epoch:[1899][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1776 (9.3361)
Epoch:[1899][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7483 (9.3604)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5594048186379552  precision:  0.6097962086377973  f1:  0.5047964781826593 perclass recall:  [0.98859044 0.74056064 0.74843014 0.18596141 0.13348146]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7467291009580338  precision:  0.7660098215765638  f1:  0.7482006136859289 perclass recall:  [0.95849546 0.625      0.80357143 0.75283447 0.68101266 0.70761671
 0.75144509 0.693857  ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7057023051328102  precision:  0.7062581402179875  f1:  0.6925448093848207 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.4370229  0.90151515 0.51364764]
Epoch:[1899][17/18]	Time 12.66 (2.52)	Data 10.57 (0.59)	Loss 9.7778 (9.3836)
epoch 1899 finished, takes 45.30174541473389 seconds
Epoch:[1900][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7508 (9.7508)
Epoch:[1900][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6379 (9.6943)
Epoch:[1900][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2204 (9.5364)
Epoch:[1900][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4758 (9.5212)
Epoch:[1900][ 4/18]	Time 2.32 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8803 (9.5930)
Epoch:[1900][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5020 (9.5779)
Epoch:[1900][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1275 (9.5135)
Epoch:[1900][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9885 (9.5729)
Epoch:[1900][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3767 (9.5511)
Epoch:[1900][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2512 (9.5211)
Epoch:[1900][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8708 (9.4620)
Epoch:[1900][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7437 (9.4855)
Epoch:[1900][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8144 (9.5108)
Epoch:[1900][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6580 (9.5213)
Epoch:[1900][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6547 (9.5302)
Epoch:[1900][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5160 (9.5293)
Epoch:[1900][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0747 (9.5026)
Epoch:[1900][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4215 (9.4980)
epoch 1900 finished, takes 33.78875780105591 seconds
Epoch:[1901][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0444 (9.0444)
Epoch:[1901][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9870 (9.0157)
Epoch:[1901][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9533 (8.9949)
Epoch:[1901][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1609 (9.0364)
Epoch:[1901][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8810 (9.0053)
Epoch:[1901][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7751 (9.1336)
Epoch:[1901][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0634 (9.1236)
Epoch:[1901][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6546 (9.1900)
Epoch:[1901][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1271 (9.1830)
Epoch:[1901][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5466 (9.2193)
Epoch:[1901][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7362 (9.2663)
Epoch:[1901][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2759 (9.2671)
Epoch:[1901][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2074 (9.2625)
Epoch:[1901][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5409 (9.2824)
Epoch:[1901][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9673 (9.2614)
Epoch:[1901][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6946 (9.2885)
Epoch:[1901][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2396 (9.2856)
Epoch:[1901][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2941 (9.2861)
epoch 1901 finished, takes 34.02946329116821 seconds
Epoch:[1902][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4859 (9.4859)
Epoch:[1902][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6684 (9.5771)
Epoch:[1902][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2847 (9.4797)
Epoch:[1902][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4945 (9.4834)
Epoch:[1902][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8697 (9.3607)
Epoch:[1902][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7804 (9.4306)
Epoch:[1902][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5215 (9.4436)
Epoch:[1902][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9508 (9.3820)
Epoch:[1902][ 8/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5499 (9.4007)
Epoch:[1902][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4968 (9.4103)
Epoch:[1902][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2197 (9.3929)
Epoch:[1902][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4263 (9.3957)
Epoch:[1902][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4574 (9.4005)
Epoch:[1902][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1498 (9.3826)
Epoch:[1902][14/18]	Time 1.63 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1984 (9.3703)
Epoch:[1902][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0080 (9.3476)
Epoch:[1902][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0801 (9.3319)
Epoch:[1902][17/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1926 (9.3242)
epoch 1902 finished, takes 33.7685329914093 seconds
Epoch:[1903][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3904 (9.3904)
Epoch:[1903][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8691 (9.6297)
Epoch:[1903][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4083 (9.5559)
Epoch:[1903][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3441 (9.5030)
Epoch:[1903][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5010 (9.5026)
Epoch:[1903][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6883 (9.5335)
Epoch:[1903][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4197 (9.5173)
Epoch:[1903][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1950 (9.4770)
Epoch:[1903][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9798 (9.4217)
Epoch:[1903][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5925 (9.4388)
Epoch:[1903][10/18]	Time 2.23 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5102 (9.4453)
Epoch:[1903][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7828 (9.4734)
Epoch:[1903][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1480 (9.4484)
Epoch:[1903][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7703 (9.4000)
Epoch:[1903][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0532 (9.3768)
Epoch:[1903][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2950 (9.3717)
Epoch:[1903][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5016 (9.3794)
Epoch:[1903][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0648 (9.3619)
epoch 1903 finished, takes 34.939049243927 seconds
Epoch:[1904][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7551 (8.7551)
Epoch:[1904][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2839 (9.0195)
Epoch:[1904][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2857 (9.1082)
Epoch:[1904][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7811 (9.2765)
Epoch:[1904][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4097 (9.3031)
Epoch:[1904][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4019 (9.3196)
Epoch:[1904][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4483 (9.3380)
Epoch:[1904][ 7/18]	Time 2.23 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5921 (9.3697)
Epoch:[1904][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4684 (9.3807)
Epoch:[1904][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1148 (9.3541)
Epoch:[1904][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5838 (9.2841)
Epoch:[1904][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6202 (9.3121)
Epoch:[1904][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6600 (9.3389)
Epoch:[1904][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4166 (9.3444)
Epoch:[1904][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1529 (9.3316)
Epoch:[1904][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9453 (9.3700)
Epoch:[1904][16/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0339 (9.3502)
Epoch:[1904][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2696 (9.3457)
epoch 1904 finished, takes 34.62045097351074 seconds
Epoch:[1905][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1698 (9.1698)
Epoch:[1905][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5376 (9.3537)
Epoch:[1905][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6231 (9.4435)
Epoch:[1905][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5227 (9.4633)
Epoch:[1905][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9547 (9.3616)
Epoch:[1905][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7060 (9.4190)
Epoch:[1905][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5369 (9.4358)
Epoch:[1905][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6078 (9.4573)
Epoch:[1905][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1220 (9.4201)
Epoch:[1905][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9495 (9.3730)
Epoch:[1905][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6283 (9.3962)
Epoch:[1905][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4074 (9.3972)
Epoch:[1905][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8686 (9.4334)
Epoch:[1905][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5800 (9.4439)
Epoch:[1905][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2856 (9.4333)
Epoch:[1905][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5106 (9.4382)
Epoch:[1905][16/18]	Time 1.60 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6115 (9.4484)
Epoch:[1905][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7625 (9.4103)
epoch 1905 finished, takes 33.80259895324707 seconds
Epoch:[1906][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6063 (9.6063)
Epoch:[1906][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7407 (9.6735)
Epoch:[1906][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7312 (9.6927)
Epoch:[1906][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6039 (9.6705)
Epoch:[1906][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2903 (9.5945)
Epoch:[1906][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5762 (9.5914)
Epoch:[1906][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6095 (9.5940)
Epoch:[1906][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6642 (9.6028)
Epoch:[1906][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7842 (9.6230)
Epoch:[1906][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0005 (9.5607)
Epoch:[1906][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6940 (9.5728)
Epoch:[1906][11/18]	Time 2.28 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5768 (9.5732)
Epoch:[1906][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1681 (9.6189)
Epoch:[1906][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1209 (9.5834)
Epoch:[1906][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5974 (9.5843)
Epoch:[1906][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0327 (9.5498)
Epoch:[1906][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4393 (9.5433)
Epoch:[1906][17/18]	Time 2.16 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3572 (9.5330)
epoch 1906 finished, takes 34.84832978248596 seconds
Epoch:[1907][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5533 (9.5533)
Epoch:[1907][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9375 (9.2454)
Epoch:[1907][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3447 (9.6118)
Epoch:[1907][ 3/18]	Time 2.20 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1087 (9.4861)
Epoch:[1907][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6161 (9.5121)
Epoch:[1907][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6709 (9.3719)
Epoch:[1907][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3792 (9.3729)
Epoch:[1907][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1151 (9.3407)
Epoch:[1907][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1524 (9.3198)
Epoch:[1907][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6833 (9.3561)
Epoch:[1907][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1759 (9.3397)
Epoch:[1907][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7908 (9.2940)
Epoch:[1907][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6726 (9.3231)
Epoch:[1907][13/18]	Time 2.17 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1301 (9.3808)
Epoch:[1907][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1799 (9.3674)
Epoch:[1907][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3085 (9.3637)
Epoch:[1907][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8804 (9.3941)
Epoch:[1907][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3011 (9.3889)
epoch 1907 finished, takes 33.7085337638855 seconds
Epoch:[1908][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4227 (9.4227)
Epoch:[1908][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8142 (9.6184)
Epoch:[1908][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5510 (9.5959)
Epoch:[1908][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0866 (9.4686)
Epoch:[1908][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3601 (9.4469)
Epoch:[1908][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8658 (9.5167)
Epoch:[1908][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6122 (9.5304)
Epoch:[1908][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3528 (9.5082)
Epoch:[1908][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1394 (9.4672)
Epoch:[1908][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5542 (9.4759)
Epoch:[1908][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3535 (9.4648)
Epoch:[1908][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2513 (9.4470)
Epoch:[1908][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2881 (9.4348)
Epoch:[1908][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3740 (9.4304)
Epoch:[1908][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1363 (9.4108)
Epoch:[1908][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4917 (9.4159)
Epoch:[1908][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2632 (9.4069)
Epoch:[1908][17/18]	Time 2.28 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4991 (9.4120)
epoch 1908 finished, takes 34.189921855926514 seconds
Epoch:[1909][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6860 (9.6860)
Epoch:[1909][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3193 (9.5026)
Epoch:[1909][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7033 (9.5695)
Epoch:[1909][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0845 (9.4483)
Epoch:[1909][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6798 (9.4946)
Epoch:[1909][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3515 (9.4707)
Epoch:[1909][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1063 (9.4187)
Epoch:[1909][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4811 (9.4265)
Epoch:[1909][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1060 (9.3909)
Epoch:[1909][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5311 (9.4049)
Epoch:[1909][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5664 (9.4196)
Epoch:[1909][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0975 (9.3927)
Epoch:[1909][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6591 (9.4132)
Epoch:[1909][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3037 (9.4054)
Epoch:[1909][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1697 (9.3897)
Epoch:[1909][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1582 (9.3752)
Epoch:[1909][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4952 (9.3823)
Epoch:[1909][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6132 (9.3951)
epoch 1909 finished, takes 34.69667887687683 seconds
Epoch:[1910][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5298 (9.5298)
Epoch:[1910][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4694 (9.4996)
Epoch:[1910][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2416 (9.4136)
Epoch:[1910][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9327 (9.5434)
Epoch:[1910][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0856 (9.4518)
Epoch:[1910][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7290 (9.4980)
Epoch:[1910][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4064 (9.4849)
Epoch:[1910][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5043 (9.4874)
Epoch:[1910][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5910 (9.4989)
Epoch:[1910][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5004 (9.4990)
Epoch:[1910][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8270 (9.5288)
Epoch:[1910][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9316 (9.5624)
Epoch:[1910][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8345 (9.5833)
Epoch:[1910][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4045 (9.5706)
Epoch:[1910][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5312 (9.5679)
Epoch:[1910][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4083 (9.5579)
Epoch:[1910][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7985 (9.5721)
Epoch:[1910][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2491 (9.5542)
epoch 1910 finished, takes 34.142473459243774 seconds
Epoch:[1911][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5050 (9.5050)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5593995871713543  precision:  0.6074858860167066  f1:  0.5045457056689522 perclass recall:  [0.98859044 0.73970252 0.74882261 0.18862275 0.13125961]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7451644886134169  precision:  0.7653517566155856  f1:  0.7472139690202395 perclass recall:  [0.95914397 0.61875    0.79910714 0.75283447 0.67594937 0.7002457
 0.75337187 0.70191339]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7040774781476963  precision:  0.7060982318208625  f1:  0.6914750095155376 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96263587 0.97054264 0.43129771 0.89848485 0.51736973]
Epoch:[1911][ 1/18]	Time 12.79 (7.22)	Data 10.82 (5.41)	Loss 9.6871 (9.5960)
Epoch:[1911][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (5.42)	Data 0.00 (3.61)	Loss 9.1774 (9.4565)
Epoch:[1911][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (4.55)	Data 0.00 (2.71)	Loss 8.9710 (9.3351)
Epoch:[1911][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (4.02)	Data 0.00 (2.16)	Loss 9.4514 (9.3584)
Epoch:[1911][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (3.63)	Data 0.00 (1.80)	Loss 8.9423 (9.2890)
Epoch:[1911][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (3.39)	Data 0.00 (1.55)	Loss 9.4340 (9.3097)
Epoch:[1911][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (3.21)	Data 0.00 (1.35)	Loss 9.5464 (9.3393)
Epoch:[1911][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (3.05)	Data 0.00 (1.20)	Loss 9.5002 (9.3572)
Epoch:[1911][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (2.93)	Data 0.00 (1.08)	Loss 9.5204 (9.3735)
Epoch:[1911][10/18]	Time 1.85 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.98)	Loss 9.0380 (9.3430)
Epoch:[1911][11/18]	Time 1.81 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.90)	Loss 9.5950 (9.3640)
Epoch:[1911][12/18]	Time 2.00 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.83)	Loss 9.1317 (9.3461)
Epoch:[1911][13/18]	Time 1.90 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 9.2977 (9.3427)
Epoch:[1911][14/18]	Time 1.88 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 9.2234 (9.3347)
Epoch:[1911][15/18]	Time 1.89 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 8.9724 (9.3121)
Epoch:[1911][16/18]	Time 2.12 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.7415 (9.3373)
Epoch:[1911][17/18]	Time 1.73 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 9.2372 (9.3318)
epoch 1911 finished, takes 44.506776571273804 seconds
Epoch:[1912][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1815 (9.1815)
Epoch:[1912][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2097 (9.1956)
Epoch:[1912][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9411 (9.1107)
Epoch:[1912][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6380 (9.2426)
Epoch:[1912][ 4/18]	Time 1.63 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5286 (9.2998)
Epoch:[1912][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1139 (9.2688)
Epoch:[1912][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3290 (9.2774)
Epoch:[1912][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3344 (9.2845)
Epoch:[1912][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6523 (9.3254)
Epoch:[1912][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8330 (9.3761)
Epoch:[1912][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0900 (9.3501)
Epoch:[1912][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3668 (9.3515)
Epoch:[1912][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4514 (9.3592)
Epoch:[1912][13/18]	Time 2.21 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9175 (9.3991)
Epoch:[1912][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7996 (9.4258)
Epoch:[1912][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2138 (9.4125)
Epoch:[1912][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6689 (9.4276)
Epoch:[1912][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3095 (9.4211)
epoch 1912 finished, takes 33.64150953292847 seconds
Epoch:[1913][ 0/18]	Time 2.18 (2.18)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6215 (9.6215)
Epoch:[1913][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8560 (9.7387)
Epoch:[1913][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3638 (9.6138)
Epoch:[1913][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6198 (9.6153)
Epoch:[1913][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6286 (9.6179)
Epoch:[1913][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4442 (9.5890)
Epoch:[1913][ 6/18]	Time 2.14 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5744 (9.5869)
Epoch:[1913][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1809 (9.5362)
Epoch:[1913][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7564 (9.5606)
Epoch:[1913][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4881 (9.5534)
Epoch:[1913][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9504 (9.4986)
Epoch:[1913][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5991 (9.5069)
Epoch:[1913][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1886 (9.4824)
Epoch:[1913][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5147 (9.4848)
Epoch:[1913][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2177 (9.4669)
Epoch:[1913][15/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0980 (9.4439)
Epoch:[1913][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6209 (9.4543)
Epoch:[1913][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4794 (9.4557)
epoch 1913 finished, takes 34.225127935409546 seconds
Epoch:[1914][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2336 (9.2336)
Epoch:[1914][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4232 (9.3284)
Epoch:[1914][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3929 (9.3499)
Epoch:[1914][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0430 (9.2732)
Epoch:[1914][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4558 (9.3097)
Epoch:[1914][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2262 (9.2958)
Epoch:[1914][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5634 (9.3340)
Epoch:[1914][ 7/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3246 (9.3328)
Epoch:[1914][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6531 (9.3684)
Epoch:[1914][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5505 (9.3866)
Epoch:[1914][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4597 (9.3933)
Epoch:[1914][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5655 (9.4076)
Epoch:[1914][12/18]	Time 2.24 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4440 (9.4104)
Epoch:[1914][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2627 (9.3999)
Epoch:[1914][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0247 (9.3749)
Epoch:[1914][15/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1595 (9.3614)
Epoch:[1914][16/18]	Time 1.64 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4277 (9.3653)
Epoch:[1914][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0458 (9.3475)
epoch 1914 finished, takes 34.228700160980225 seconds
Epoch:[1915][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2753 (9.2753)
Epoch:[1915][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9090 (9.0922)
Epoch:[1915][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7575 (9.3139)
Epoch:[1915][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8844 (9.4566)
Epoch:[1915][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8546 (9.5362)
Epoch:[1915][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3348 (9.5026)
Epoch:[1915][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7724 (9.5411)
Epoch:[1915][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4781 (9.5333)
Epoch:[1915][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1706 (9.4930)
Epoch:[1915][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4772 (9.4914)
Epoch:[1915][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3278 (9.4765)
Epoch:[1915][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2575 (9.4583)
Epoch:[1915][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2180 (9.4398)
Epoch:[1915][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1828 (9.4214)
Epoch:[1915][14/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2029 (9.4068)
Epoch:[1915][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3403 (9.4027)
Epoch:[1915][16/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3125 (9.3974)
Epoch:[1915][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2230 (9.3877)
epoch 1915 finished, takes 33.206454038619995 seconds
Epoch:[1916][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2884 (9.2884)
Epoch:[1916][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2435 (9.2659)
Epoch:[1916][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2442 (9.2587)
Epoch:[1916][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0687 (9.2112)
Epoch:[1916][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2396 (9.2169)
Epoch:[1916][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3680 (9.2420)
Epoch:[1916][ 6/18]	Time 2.14 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8765 (9.3327)
Epoch:[1916][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8513 (9.2725)
Epoch:[1916][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3792 (9.2844)
Epoch:[1916][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6591 (9.3218)
Epoch:[1916][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9496 (9.2880)
Epoch:[1916][11/18]	Time 2.25 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0728 (9.2701)
Epoch:[1916][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2840 (9.2711)
Epoch:[1916][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0469 (9.2551)
Epoch:[1916][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1322 (9.3136)
Epoch:[1916][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7367 (9.3400)
Epoch:[1916][16/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9748 (9.3186)
Epoch:[1916][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3632 (9.3210)
epoch 1916 finished, takes 34.20519495010376 seconds
Epoch:[1917][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2958 (9.2958)
Epoch:[1917][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2475 (9.2717)
Epoch:[1917][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2868 (9.2767)
Epoch:[1917][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3268 (9.2892)
Epoch:[1917][ 4/18]	Time 1.59 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0334 (9.4381)
Epoch:[1917][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5796 (9.4617)
Epoch:[1917][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5432 (9.4733)
Epoch:[1917][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3340 (9.4559)
Epoch:[1917][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8577 (9.3894)
Epoch:[1917][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2020 (9.3707)
Epoch:[1917][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4601 (9.3788)
Epoch:[1917][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0135 (9.4317)
Epoch:[1917][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4947 (9.4365)
Epoch:[1917][13/18]	Time 2.19 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6275 (9.4502)
Epoch:[1917][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1086 (9.4274)
Epoch:[1917][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3715 (9.4239)
Epoch:[1917][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7392 (9.4425)
Epoch:[1917][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7866 (9.4616)
epoch 1917 finished, takes 33.82434940338135 seconds
Epoch:[1918][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7142 (9.7142)
Epoch:[1918][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8016 (9.2579)
Epoch:[1918][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8065 (9.4408)
Epoch:[1918][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3295 (9.4129)
Epoch:[1918][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5488 (9.4401)
Epoch:[1918][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1309 (9.3886)
Epoch:[1918][ 6/18]	Time 1.61 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5482 (9.4114)
Epoch:[1918][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6759 (9.4444)
Epoch:[1918][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2360 (9.4213)
Epoch:[1918][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9006 (9.4692)
Epoch:[1918][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9888 (9.4255)
Epoch:[1918][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7592 (9.4533)
Epoch:[1918][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1153 (9.4273)
Epoch:[1918][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2043 (9.4114)
Epoch:[1918][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3948 (9.4103)
Epoch:[1918][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6940 (9.4280)
Epoch:[1918][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0772 (9.4074)
Epoch:[1918][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1071 (9.3907)
epoch 1918 finished, takes 33.42267179489136 seconds
Epoch:[1919][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9666 (8.9666)
Epoch:[1919][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7048 (9.3357)
Epoch:[1919][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4752 (9.3822)
Epoch:[1919][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4370 (9.3959)
Epoch:[1919][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2086 (9.3584)
Epoch:[1919][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6548 (9.4078)
Epoch:[1919][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3958 (9.4061)
Epoch:[1919][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7831 (9.4532)
Epoch:[1919][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8395 (9.3850)
Epoch:[1919][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1871 (9.3652)
Epoch:[1919][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4296 (9.3711)
Epoch:[1919][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4374 (9.3766)
Epoch:[1919][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9490 (9.3437)
Epoch:[1919][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8445 (9.3081)
Epoch:[1919][14/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8321 (9.2763)
Epoch:[1919][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7574 (9.3064)
Epoch:[1919][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9285 (9.2842)
Epoch:[1919][17/18]	Time 2.19 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3841 (9.2897)
epoch 1919 finished, takes 33.27786636352539 seconds
Epoch:[1920][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1964 (9.1964)
Epoch:[1920][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1685 (9.1824)
Epoch:[1920][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7561 (9.3737)
Epoch:[1920][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4665 (9.3969)
Epoch:[1920][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2858 (9.3747)
Epoch:[1920][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1069 (9.3300)
Epoch:[1920][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2687 (9.3213)
Epoch:[1920][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6947 (9.3680)
Epoch:[1920][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3105 (9.3616)
Epoch:[1920][ 9/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7520 (9.4006)
Epoch:[1920][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4666 (9.4066)
Epoch:[1920][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4788 (9.4126)
Epoch:[1920][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3926 (9.4111)
Epoch:[1920][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5141 (9.4185)
Epoch:[1920][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2329 (9.4061)
Epoch:[1920][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0515 (9.3839)
Epoch:[1920][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6739 (9.4010)
Epoch:[1920][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9181 (9.4297)
epoch 1920 finished, takes 34.050718545913696 seconds
Epoch:[1921][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3566 (9.3566)
Epoch:[1921][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6209 (9.4887)
Epoch:[1921][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5463 (9.5079)
Epoch:[1921][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1333 (9.4143)
Epoch:[1921][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2566 (9.3827)
Epoch:[1921][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3964 (9.3850)
Epoch:[1921][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3989 (9.3870)
Epoch:[1921][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4078 (9.3896)
Epoch:[1921][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3627 (9.3866)
Epoch:[1921][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9626 (9.4442)
Epoch:[1921][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3966 (9.4399)
Epoch:[1921][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1098 (9.4124)
Epoch:[1921][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6773 (9.4327)
Epoch:[1921][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5864 (9.4437)
Epoch:[1921][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3704 (9.4388)
Epoch:[1921][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1878 (9.4231)
Epoch:[1921][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4446 (9.4244)
Epoch:[1921][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9037 (9.4510)
epoch 1921 finished, takes 33.824740409851074 seconds
Epoch:[1922][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4609 (9.4609)
Epoch:[1922][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2960 (9.3785)
Epoch:[1922][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5495 (9.4355)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5567716198075693  precision:  0.6058712884171074  f1:  0.5004357853628676 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.74084668 0.74843014 0.1741517  0.13160144]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7476578595437804  precision:  0.7677765507603556  f1:  0.7495105478677102 perclass recall:  [0.95784695 0.625      0.80133929 0.75283447 0.67594937 0.71007371
 0.75529865 0.70292044]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7055416868778192  precision:  0.706595985802816  f1:  0.6927592338643236 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96263587 0.96899225 0.4351145  0.89848485 0.51550868]
Epoch:[1922][ 3/18]	Time 13.15 (4.61)	Data 11.22 (2.81)	Loss 9.6316 (9.4845)
Epoch:[1922][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (4.07)	Data 0.00 (2.25)	Loss 9.0056 (9.3887)
Epoch:[1922][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (3.69)	Data 0.00 (1.87)	Loss 9.1914 (9.3558)
Epoch:[1922][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (3.43)	Data 0.00 (1.60)	Loss 9.6328 (9.3954)
Epoch:[1922][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (3.25)	Data 0.00 (1.40)	Loss 9.2393 (9.3759)
Epoch:[1922][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (3.11)	Data 0.00 (1.25)	Loss 9.0520 (9.3399)
Epoch:[1922][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (2.97)	Data 0.00 (1.12)	Loss 9.2461 (9.3305)
Epoch:[1922][10/18]	Time 1.88 (2.87)	Data 0.00 (1.02)	Loss 9.4873 (9.3448)
Epoch:[1922][11/18]	Time 1.98 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.0510 (9.3203)
Epoch:[1922][12/18]	Time 1.90 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.4563 (9.3308)
Epoch:[1922][13/18]	Time 1.99 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.4592 (9.3399)
Epoch:[1922][14/18]	Time 1.69 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.4488 (9.3472)
Epoch:[1922][15/18]	Time 1.97 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.2137 (9.3388)
Epoch:[1922][16/18]	Time 2.01 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.0814 (9.3237)
Epoch:[1922][17/18]	Time 1.65 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.3855 (9.3271)
epoch 1922 finished, takes 44.76007080078125 seconds
Epoch:[1923][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1584 (9.1584)
Epoch:[1923][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6876 (9.4230)
Epoch:[1923][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9132 (9.5864)
Epoch:[1923][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6568 (9.6040)
Epoch:[1923][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0993 (9.5031)
Epoch:[1923][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8037 (9.3865)
Epoch:[1923][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3537 (9.3818)
Epoch:[1923][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3682 (9.3801)
Epoch:[1923][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2271 (9.3631)
Epoch:[1923][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7881 (9.4056)
Epoch:[1923][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1897 (9.3860)
Epoch:[1923][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0117 (9.3548)
Epoch:[1923][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5288 (9.3682)
Epoch:[1923][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1208 (9.3505)
Epoch:[1923][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4417 (9.3566)
Epoch:[1923][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4482 (9.3623)
Epoch:[1923][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4740 (9.3689)
Epoch:[1923][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4439 (9.3730)
epoch 1923 finished, takes 33.542205572128296 seconds
Epoch:[1924][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7175 (9.7175)
Epoch:[1924][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2292 (9.4733)
Epoch:[1924][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7412 (9.5626)
Epoch:[1924][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4307 (9.5296)
Epoch:[1924][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7232 (9.5684)
Epoch:[1924][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6251 (9.5778)
Epoch:[1924][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0542 (9.5030)
Epoch:[1924][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5850 (9.5133)
Epoch:[1924][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7946 (9.5445)
Epoch:[1924][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1364 (9.5037)
Epoch:[1924][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5290 (9.5060)
Epoch:[1924][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2506 (9.4847)
Epoch:[1924][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1216 (9.4568)
Epoch:[1924][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4708 (9.4578)
Epoch:[1924][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4841 (9.4596)
Epoch:[1924][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6054 (9.4687)
Epoch:[1924][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7101 (9.4240)
Epoch:[1924][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6926 (9.4390)
epoch 1924 finished, takes 33.91884231567383 seconds
Epoch:[1925][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2889 (9.2889)
Epoch:[1925][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8942 (9.0916)
Epoch:[1925][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6594 (9.2809)
Epoch:[1925][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4539 (9.3241)
Epoch:[1925][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5644 (9.3722)
Epoch:[1925][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5396 (9.4001)
Epoch:[1925][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7097 (9.4443)
Epoch:[1925][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9474 (9.5072)
Epoch:[1925][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7289 (9.5318)
Epoch:[1925][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4490 (9.5235)
Epoch:[1925][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3553 (9.5083)
Epoch:[1925][11/18]	Time 1.54 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4643 (9.5046)
Epoch:[1925][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4885 (9.5034)
Epoch:[1925][13/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2035 (9.4819)
Epoch:[1925][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9859 (9.4489)
Epoch:[1925][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7564 (9.4681)
Epoch:[1925][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0484 (9.4434)
Epoch:[1925][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3515 (9.4383)
epoch 1925 finished, takes 33.67409300804138 seconds
Epoch:[1926][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6213 (9.6213)
Epoch:[1926][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3548 (9.4880)
Epoch:[1926][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7397 (9.5719)
Epoch:[1926][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0697 (9.4464)
Epoch:[1926][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0265 (9.3624)
Epoch:[1926][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0050 (9.3028)
Epoch:[1926][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3001 (9.3024)
Epoch:[1926][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3473 (9.3080)
Epoch:[1926][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5912 (9.3395)
Epoch:[1926][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1524 (9.3208)
Epoch:[1926][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8581 (9.3696)
Epoch:[1926][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4079 (9.3728)
Epoch:[1926][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0890 (9.3510)
Epoch:[1926][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0220 (9.3275)
Epoch:[1926][14/18]	Time 1.55 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2213 (9.3204)
Epoch:[1926][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1350 (9.3088)
Epoch:[1926][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4134 (9.3150)
Epoch:[1926][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3415 (9.3720)
epoch 1926 finished, takes 34.16147065162659 seconds
Epoch:[1927][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5073 (9.5073)
Epoch:[1927][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1948 (9.3511)
Epoch:[1927][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5647 (9.4223)
Epoch:[1927][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5754 (9.4605)
Epoch:[1927][ 4/18]	Time 2.17 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4339 (9.4552)
Epoch:[1927][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5485 (9.4708)
Epoch:[1927][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2313 (9.4365)
Epoch:[1927][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0287 (9.3856)
Epoch:[1927][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5591 (9.4048)
Epoch:[1927][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3349 (9.3979)
Epoch:[1927][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0801 (9.4599)
Epoch:[1927][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1987 (9.4381)
Epoch:[1927][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7063 (9.4587)
Epoch:[1927][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1933 (9.4398)
Epoch:[1927][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6038 (9.4507)
Epoch:[1927][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2661 (9.4392)
Epoch:[1927][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0302 (9.4151)
Epoch:[1927][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8937 (9.3861)
epoch 1927 finished, takes 34.04427170753479 seconds
Epoch:[1928][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6017 (9.6017)
Epoch:[1928][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3450 (9.4734)
Epoch:[1928][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3063 (9.4177)
Epoch:[1928][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9312 (9.2961)
Epoch:[1928][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3902 (9.3149)
Epoch:[1928][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5626 (9.3562)
Epoch:[1928][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8535 (9.4272)
Epoch:[1928][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2458 (9.4045)
Epoch:[1928][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4575 (9.4104)
Epoch:[1928][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3560 (9.4050)
Epoch:[1928][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4001 (9.4045)
Epoch:[1928][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5729 (9.4186)
Epoch:[1928][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3039 (9.4097)
Epoch:[1928][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9056 (9.3737)
Epoch:[1928][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5446 (9.3851)
Epoch:[1928][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3735 (9.3844)
Epoch:[1928][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6124 (9.3978)
Epoch:[1928][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3289 (9.3940)
epoch 1928 finished, takes 34.03667497634888 seconds
Epoch:[1929][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8182 (8.8182)
Epoch:[1929][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5994 (9.2088)
Epoch:[1929][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8971 (9.1049)
Epoch:[1929][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2567 (9.1429)
Epoch:[1929][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7515 (9.2646)
Epoch:[1929][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6200 (9.3238)
Epoch:[1929][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6012 (9.3635)
Epoch:[1929][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0642 (9.3261)
Epoch:[1929][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6205 (9.3588)
Epoch:[1929][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2864 (9.3515)
Epoch:[1929][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6038 (9.3745)
Epoch:[1929][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9966 (9.3430)
Epoch:[1929][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4499 (9.3512)
Epoch:[1929][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1234 (9.3349)
Epoch:[1929][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6537 (9.3562)
Epoch:[1929][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2257 (9.3480)
Epoch:[1929][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6433 (9.3654)
Epoch:[1929][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3925 (9.3669)
epoch 1929 finished, takes 33.93206572532654 seconds
Epoch:[1930][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9123 (8.9123)
Epoch:[1930][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3429 (9.1276)
Epoch:[1930][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5729 (9.2760)
Epoch:[1930][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4454 (9.3184)
Epoch:[1930][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6767 (9.3900)
Epoch:[1930][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3436 (9.3823)
Epoch:[1930][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0518 (9.3351)
Epoch:[1930][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5754 (9.3651)
Epoch:[1930][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8037 (9.4138)
Epoch:[1930][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1962 (9.3921)
Epoch:[1930][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0081 (9.3572)
Epoch:[1930][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0447 (9.3311)
Epoch:[1930][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0170 (9.3070)
Epoch:[1930][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3381 (9.3092)
Epoch:[1930][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0411 (9.2913)
Epoch:[1930][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4840 (9.3033)
Epoch:[1930][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2148 (9.3570)
Epoch:[1930][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1737 (9.3468)
epoch 1930 finished, takes 33.66341853141785 seconds
Epoch:[1931][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3413 (9.3413)
Epoch:[1931][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1931 (9.2672)
Epoch:[1931][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4701 (9.3348)
Epoch:[1931][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3624 (9.3417)
Epoch:[1931][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6717 (9.4077)
Epoch:[1931][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1658 (9.3674)
Epoch:[1931][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1520 (9.3366)
Epoch:[1931][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3762 (9.3416)
Epoch:[1931][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6190 (9.3724)
Epoch:[1931][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0349 (9.3387)
Epoch:[1931][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6462 (9.3666)
Epoch:[1931][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3921 (9.3687)
Epoch:[1931][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5435 (9.3053)
Epoch:[1931][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5403 (9.3220)
Epoch:[1931][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0247 (9.3022)
Epoch:[1931][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5699 (9.3190)
Epoch:[1931][16/18]	Time 2.18 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8829 (9.3521)
Epoch:[1931][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3679 (9.3530)
epoch 1931 finished, takes 33.98624324798584 seconds
Epoch:[1932][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2556 (9.2556)
Epoch:[1932][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4880 (9.3718)
Epoch:[1932][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0928 (9.2788)
Epoch:[1932][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5886 (9.1063)
Epoch:[1932][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4991 (9.1848)
Epoch:[1932][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2951 (9.3699)
Epoch:[1932][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3067 (9.3609)
Epoch:[1932][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2228 (9.3436)
Epoch:[1932][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6843 (9.3815)
Epoch:[1932][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4261 (9.3859)
Epoch:[1932][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1033 (9.3602)
Epoch:[1932][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4627 (9.3688)
Epoch:[1932][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3159 (9.3647)
Epoch:[1932][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2028 (9.3531)
Epoch:[1932][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8330 (9.3851)
Epoch:[1932][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5389 (9.3322)
Epoch:[1932][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5124 (9.3428)
Epoch:[1932][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0139 (9.3246)
epoch 1932 finished, takes 33.082727670669556 seconds
Epoch:[1933][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2306 (9.2306)
Epoch:[1933][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1502 (9.1904)
Epoch:[1933][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2362 (9.2057)
Epoch:[1933][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4450 (9.2655)
Epoch:[1933][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9773 (9.2078)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5599616614050299  precision:  0.6090272740642565  f1:  0.5055184274380193 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.73798627 0.74843014 0.18862275 0.1357033 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7470758232695909  precision:  0.7682414001749214  f1:  0.7491719525613034 perclass recall:  [0.95914397 0.61041667 0.80357143 0.75283447 0.67594937 0.71253071
 0.75722543 0.70493454]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7048130699601165  precision:  0.7070041488379122  f1:  0.692336773383814 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.43320611 0.9        0.51923077]
Epoch:[1933][ 5/18]	Time 12.79 (3.67)	Data 10.73 (1.79)	Loss 9.4459 (9.2475)
Epoch:[1933][ 6/18]	Time 1.64 (3.38)	Data 0.00 (1.53)	Loss 9.1560 (9.2344)
Epoch:[1933][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (3.19)	Data 0.00 (1.34)	Loss 9.3793 (9.2526)
Epoch:[1933][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (3.03)	Data 0.00 (1.19)	Loss 9.2097 (9.2478)
Epoch:[1933][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (2.91)	Data 0.00 (1.07)	Loss 8.8163 (9.2046)
Epoch:[1933][10/18]	Time 2.00 (2.82)	Data 0.00 (0.98)	Loss 9.3629 (9.2190)
Epoch:[1933][11/18]	Time 1.76 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.90)	Loss 9.0632 (9.2060)
Epoch:[1933][12/18]	Time 1.99 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.83)	Loss 9.1909 (9.2049)
Epoch:[1933][13/18]	Time 1.84 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 9.0693 (9.1952)
Epoch:[1933][14/18]	Time 1.69 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 9.1485 (9.1921)
Epoch:[1933][15/18]	Time 2.31 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 9.1972 (9.1924)
Epoch:[1933][16/18]	Time 1.99 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 9.2352 (9.1949)
Epoch:[1933][17/18]	Time 1.81 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 9.5735 (9.2160)
epoch 1933 finished, takes 44.45709776878357 seconds
Epoch:[1934][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1592 (9.1592)
Epoch:[1934][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8503 (9.5048)
Epoch:[1934][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6049 (9.5381)
Epoch:[1934][ 3/18]	Time 1.59 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2448 (9.4648)
Epoch:[1934][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2695 (9.4257)
Epoch:[1934][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8819 (9.3351)
Epoch:[1934][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6738 (9.3835)
Epoch:[1934][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5579 (9.4053)
Epoch:[1934][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9910 (9.3593)
Epoch:[1934][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3671 (9.3600)
Epoch:[1934][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3161 (9.3560)
Epoch:[1934][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0261 (9.3286)
Epoch:[1934][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1501 (9.3148)
Epoch:[1934][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4418 (9.3239)
Epoch:[1934][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1182 (9.3102)
Epoch:[1934][15/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4783 (9.3207)
Epoch:[1934][16/18]	Time 1.45 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1368 (9.3099)
Epoch:[1934][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3925 (9.3145)
epoch 1934 finished, takes 33.40316724777222 seconds
Epoch:[1935][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1401 (9.1401)
Epoch:[1935][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8213 (8.9807)
Epoch:[1935][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1640 (9.0418)
Epoch:[1935][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3327 (9.1145)
Epoch:[1935][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5875 (9.2091)
Epoch:[1935][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0368 (9.1804)
Epoch:[1935][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8634 (9.1351)
Epoch:[1935][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7942 (9.2175)
Epoch:[1935][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4005 (9.2378)
Epoch:[1935][ 9/18]	Time 2.35 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2117 (9.2352)
Epoch:[1935][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6858 (9.2762)
Epoch:[1935][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4721 (9.2925)
Epoch:[1935][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5368 (9.3113)
Epoch:[1935][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2256 (9.3052)
Epoch:[1935][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6762 (9.3299)
Epoch:[1935][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6513 (9.3500)
Epoch:[1935][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5215 (9.3601)
Epoch:[1935][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4087 (9.3628)
epoch 1935 finished, takes 33.5302369594574 seconds
Epoch:[1936][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7179 (9.7179)
Epoch:[1936][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6944 (9.7062)
Epoch:[1936][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9443 (9.7855)
Epoch:[1936][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5981 (9.7387)
Epoch:[1936][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0949 (9.6099)
Epoch:[1936][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3675 (9.5695)
Epoch:[1936][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1271 (9.5063)
Epoch:[1936][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3136 (9.4822)
Epoch:[1936][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3374 (9.4661)
Epoch:[1936][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5463 (9.4742)
Epoch:[1936][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2797 (9.4565)
Epoch:[1936][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3213 (9.4452)
Epoch:[1936][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5204 (9.4510)
Epoch:[1936][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3111 (9.4410)
Epoch:[1936][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1527 (9.4218)
Epoch:[1936][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8007 (9.3830)
Epoch:[1936][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4367 (9.3861)
Epoch:[1936][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9012 (9.3592)
epoch 1936 finished, takes 34.08006834983826 seconds
Epoch:[1937][ 0/18]	Time 1.68 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2319 (9.2319)
Epoch:[1937][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0822 (9.1570)
Epoch:[1937][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4624 (9.2588)
Epoch:[1937][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1169 (9.2233)
Epoch:[1937][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6975 (9.3182)
Epoch:[1937][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6855 (9.3794)
Epoch:[1937][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4541 (9.3901)
Epoch:[1937][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8632 (9.3242)
Epoch:[1937][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3734 (9.3297)
Epoch:[1937][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3814 (9.3348)
Epoch:[1937][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0539 (9.3093)
Epoch:[1937][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8192 (9.2685)
Epoch:[1937][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1720 (9.2610)
Epoch:[1937][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4830 (9.2769)
Epoch:[1937][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4031 (9.2853)
Epoch:[1937][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4036 (9.2927)
Epoch:[1937][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2404 (9.2896)
Epoch:[1937][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6703 (9.2552)
epoch 1937 finished, takes 33.731008768081665 seconds
Epoch:[1938][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3027 (9.3027)
Epoch:[1938][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9884 (9.6455)
Epoch:[1938][ 2/18]	Time 1.62 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3382 (9.5431)
Epoch:[1938][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8912 (9.3801)
Epoch:[1938][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7162 (9.4473)
Epoch:[1938][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5331 (9.4616)
Epoch:[1938][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9840 (9.3934)
Epoch:[1938][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3989 (9.3941)
Epoch:[1938][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3510 (9.3893)
Epoch:[1938][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4080 (9.3912)
Epoch:[1938][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0357 (9.3589)
Epoch:[1938][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5685 (9.3763)
Epoch:[1938][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9812 (9.4229)
Epoch:[1938][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4371 (9.4239)
Epoch:[1938][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2269 (9.4107)
Epoch:[1938][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0387 (9.4500)
Epoch:[1938][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4898 (9.4523)
Epoch:[1938][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0131 (9.4279)
epoch 1938 finished, takes 33.63260197639465 seconds
Epoch:[1939][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4363 (9.4363)
Epoch:[1939][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7379 (9.5871)
Epoch:[1939][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7978 (9.6573)
Epoch:[1939][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6254 (9.6493)
Epoch:[1939][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4518 (9.6098)
Epoch:[1939][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5656 (9.6024)
Epoch:[1939][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3658 (9.5686)
Epoch:[1939][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5043 (9.5606)
Epoch:[1939][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1037 (9.5098)
Epoch:[1939][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2375 (9.4826)
Epoch:[1939][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9911 (9.4379)
Epoch:[1939][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3856 (9.4336)
Epoch:[1939][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6938 (9.3766)
Epoch:[1939][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7290 (9.3304)
Epoch:[1939][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6142 (9.3493)
Epoch:[1939][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6122 (9.3657)
Epoch:[1939][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1328 (9.3520)
Epoch:[1939][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9167 (9.3279)
epoch 1939 finished, takes 33.526771783828735 seconds
Epoch:[1940][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0765 (10.0765)
Epoch:[1940][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9960 (9.5362)
Epoch:[1940][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6151 (9.5625)
Epoch:[1940][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7247 (9.6031)
Epoch:[1940][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1547 (9.5134)
Epoch:[1940][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0221 (9.4315)
Epoch:[1940][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3906 (9.4257)
Epoch:[1940][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7019 (9.4602)
Epoch:[1940][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4226 (9.4560)
Epoch:[1940][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0965 (9.4201)
Epoch:[1940][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5139 (9.4286)
Epoch:[1940][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5892 (9.3586)
Epoch:[1940][12/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9724 (9.3289)
Epoch:[1940][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1807 (9.3183)
Epoch:[1940][14/18]	Time 2.22 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1185 (9.3050)
Epoch:[1940][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6797 (9.3284)
Epoch:[1940][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7660 (9.3542)
Epoch:[1940][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6156 (9.3687)
epoch 1940 finished, takes 33.26692533493042 seconds
Epoch:[1941][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5425 (9.5425)
Epoch:[1941][ 1/18]	Time 2.22 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6245 (9.5835)
Epoch:[1941][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6861 (9.6177)
Epoch:[1941][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5806 (9.6084)
Epoch:[1941][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9156 (9.4699)
Epoch:[1941][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4285 (9.4630)
Epoch:[1941][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6967 (9.4964)
Epoch:[1941][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0621 (9.4421)
Epoch:[1941][ 8/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9442 (9.3868)
Epoch:[1941][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2481 (9.3729)
Epoch:[1941][10/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3815 (9.3737)
Epoch:[1941][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3001 (9.3675)
Epoch:[1941][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9915 (9.3386)
Epoch:[1941][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7123 (9.3653)
Epoch:[1941][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1936 (9.3539)
Epoch:[1941][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3727 (9.3550)
Epoch:[1941][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4460 (9.3604)
Epoch:[1941][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2621 (9.3549)
epoch 1941 finished, takes 34.019200563430786 seconds
Epoch:[1942][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2598 (9.2598)
Epoch:[1942][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0763 (9.1681)
Epoch:[1942][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8419 (9.3927)
Epoch:[1942][ 3/18]	Time 2.22 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9341 (9.5280)
Epoch:[1942][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3364 (9.4897)
Epoch:[1942][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9463 (9.3991)
Epoch:[1942][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7244 (9.4456)
Epoch:[1942][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2776 (9.4246)
Epoch:[1942][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1550 (9.3946)
Epoch:[1942][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6593 (9.4211)
Epoch:[1942][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0171 (9.3844)
Epoch:[1942][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9825 (9.4342)
Epoch:[1942][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4165 (9.4329)
Epoch:[1942][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2298 (9.4184)
Epoch:[1942][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1487 (9.4004)
Epoch:[1942][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9611 (9.3729)
Epoch:[1942][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8896 (9.4033)
Epoch:[1942][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1794 (9.3909)
epoch 1942 finished, takes 33.38496804237366 seconds
Epoch:[1943][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6881 (9.6881)
Epoch:[1943][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5762 (9.6321)
Epoch:[1943][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5412 (9.6018)
Epoch:[1943][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8961 (9.6754)
Epoch:[1943][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0199 (9.7443)
Epoch:[1943][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3758 (9.6829)
Epoch:[1943][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7641 (9.6945)
Epoch:[1943][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5018 (9.6704)
Epoch:[1943][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7374 (9.6778)
Epoch:[1943][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8915 (9.5992)
Epoch:[1943][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4717 (9.5876)
Epoch:[1943][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9456 (9.5341)
Epoch:[1943][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1635 (9.5056)
Epoch:[1943][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1178 (9.4779)
Epoch:[1943][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7754 (9.4977)
Epoch:[1943][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5316 (9.4999)
Epoch:[1943][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2079 (9.4827)
Epoch:[1943][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4161 (9.4790)
epoch 1943 finished, takes 34.227306604385376 seconds
Epoch:[1944][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9798 (8.9798)
Epoch:[1944][ 1/18]	Time 1.57 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1095 (9.0447)
Epoch:[1944][ 2/18]	Time 2.19 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8102 (9.2998)
Epoch:[1944][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4424 (9.3355)
Epoch:[1944][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5703 (9.3824)
Epoch:[1944][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2526 (9.3608)
Epoch:[1944][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7055 (9.2672)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.562115857180734  precision:  0.6165100511786992  f1:  0.5092302553783239 perclass recall:  [0.98811505 0.73941648 0.74882261 0.18912176 0.1451034 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7465515249541528  precision:  0.7665355810628833  f1:  0.7488083374701759 perclass recall:  [0.95979248 0.62083333 0.80357143 0.75283447 0.67341772 0.6977887
 0.75722543 0.70694864]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7063288941582085  precision:  0.7071034827067697  f1:  0.6934734728321268 perclass recall:  [0.45251397 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.4370229  0.9        0.51612903]
Epoch:[1944][ 7/18]	Time 12.58 (3.18)	Data 10.51 (1.31)	Loss 9.7635 (9.3292)
Epoch:[1944][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (3.03)	Data 0.00 (1.17)	Loss 9.7896 (9.3804)
Epoch:[1944][ 9/18]	Time 2.11 (2.94)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 9.9832 (9.4407)
Epoch:[1944][10/18]	Time 1.73 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 9.1737 (9.4164)
Epoch:[1944][11/18]	Time 1.84 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 9.4278 (9.4173)
Epoch:[1944][12/18]	Time 1.95 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 9.6661 (9.4365)
Epoch:[1944][13/18]	Time 2.03 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.7036 (9.4556)
Epoch:[1944][14/18]	Time 1.79 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.4028 (9.4520)
Epoch:[1944][15/18]	Time 1.97 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.5114 (9.4558)
Epoch:[1944][16/18]	Time 1.83 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.2084 (9.4412)
Epoch:[1944][17/18]	Time 2.00 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.2063 (9.4281)
epoch 1944 finished, takes 44.56459021568298 seconds
Epoch:[1945][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3860 (9.3860)
Epoch:[1945][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2956 (9.3408)
Epoch:[1945][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6647 (9.4488)
Epoch:[1945][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2591 (9.4013)
Epoch:[1945][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1675 (9.3546)
Epoch:[1945][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0824 (9.3092)
Epoch:[1945][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6501 (9.3579)
Epoch:[1945][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4996 (9.3756)
Epoch:[1945][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5580 (9.3959)
Epoch:[1945][ 9/18]	Time 2.17 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6291 (9.4192)
Epoch:[1945][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3695 (9.4147)
Epoch:[1945][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6104 (9.4310)
Epoch:[1945][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5914 (9.4433)
Epoch:[1945][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2222 (9.4275)
Epoch:[1945][14/18]	Time 2.26 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0634 (9.4033)
Epoch:[1945][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3093 (9.3974)
Epoch:[1945][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1640 (9.3837)
Epoch:[1945][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7733 (9.4053)
epoch 1945 finished, takes 34.147056341171265 seconds
Epoch:[1946][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2330 (9.2330)
Epoch:[1946][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5652 (9.3991)
Epoch:[1946][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0312 (9.2764)
Epoch:[1946][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2241 (9.2634)
Epoch:[1946][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2457 (9.2598)
Epoch:[1946][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4067 (9.2843)
Epoch:[1946][ 6/18]	Time 2.27 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4350 (9.3058)
Epoch:[1946][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4966 (9.3297)
Epoch:[1946][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1636 (9.3112)
Epoch:[1946][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1603 (9.2961)
Epoch:[1946][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2792 (9.2946)
Epoch:[1946][11/18]	Time 2.20 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7143 (9.3296)
Epoch:[1946][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3999 (9.3350)
Epoch:[1946][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9810 (9.3811)
Epoch:[1946][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5963 (9.3955)
Epoch:[1946][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0535 (9.3741)
Epoch:[1946][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9189 (9.3473)
Epoch:[1946][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0316 (9.3298)
epoch 1946 finished, takes 34.14783453941345 seconds
Epoch:[1947][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2722 (9.2722)
Epoch:[1947][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0572 (9.1647)
Epoch:[1947][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3364 (9.2219)
Epoch:[1947][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3948 (9.2652)
Epoch:[1947][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5647 (9.3251)
Epoch:[1947][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0308 (9.2760)
Epoch:[1947][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5109 (9.3096)
Epoch:[1947][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6091 (9.3470)
Epoch:[1947][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1515 (9.3253)
Epoch:[1947][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5790 (9.3507)
Epoch:[1947][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5350 (9.3674)
Epoch:[1947][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5546 (9.3830)
Epoch:[1947][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4101 (9.3851)
Epoch:[1947][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8603 (9.3476)
Epoch:[1947][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8398 (9.3804)
Epoch:[1947][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1933 (9.3687)
Epoch:[1947][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4139 (9.3714)
Epoch:[1947][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2416 (9.3642)
epoch 1947 finished, takes 33.1791045665741 seconds
Epoch:[1948][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5912 (9.5912)
Epoch:[1948][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8763 (9.2337)
Epoch:[1948][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3623 (9.2766)
Epoch:[1948][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0531 (9.2207)
Epoch:[1948][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4691 (9.2704)
Epoch:[1948][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2784 (9.2717)
Epoch:[1948][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2376 (9.2669)
Epoch:[1948][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2921 (9.2700)
Epoch:[1948][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8661 (9.2251)
Epoch:[1948][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1056 (9.2132)
Epoch:[1948][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3216 (9.2230)
Epoch:[1948][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1902 (9.2203)
Epoch:[1948][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0983 (9.2109)
Epoch:[1948][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2866 (9.2163)
Epoch:[1948][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7883 (9.2545)
Epoch:[1948][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2331 (9.2531)
Epoch:[1948][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2669 (9.2539)
Epoch:[1948][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2480 (9.2536)
epoch 1948 finished, takes 33.761226415634155 seconds
Epoch:[1949][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2378 (9.2378)
Epoch:[1949][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1283 (9.1831)
Epoch:[1949][ 2/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7650 (9.3770)
Epoch:[1949][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3433 (9.3686)
Epoch:[1949][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0382 (9.3025)
Epoch:[1949][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3582 (9.3118)
Epoch:[1949][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5074 (9.3397)
Epoch:[1949][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3588 (9.3421)
Epoch:[1949][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4296 (9.3518)
Epoch:[1949][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4960 (9.3663)
Epoch:[1949][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5380 (9.3819)
Epoch:[1949][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2270 (9.3690)
Epoch:[1949][12/18]	Time 2.22 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2013 (9.3561)
Epoch:[1949][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2518 (9.3486)
Epoch:[1949][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3745 (9.3503)
Epoch:[1949][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0662 (9.3326)
Epoch:[1949][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2969 (9.3305)
Epoch:[1949][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0744 (9.3163)
epoch 1949 finished, takes 34.76510214805603 seconds
Epoch:[1950][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7247 (9.7247)
Epoch:[1950][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7031 (9.7139)
Epoch:[1950][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3360 (9.5879)
Epoch:[1950][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9430 (9.4267)
Epoch:[1950][ 4/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9331 (9.5280)
Epoch:[1950][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5048 (9.5241)
Epoch:[1950][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2011 (9.4780)
Epoch:[1950][ 7/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2622 (9.4510)
Epoch:[1950][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9532 (9.3957)
Epoch:[1950][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6590 (9.4220)
Epoch:[1950][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3009 (9.4110)
Epoch:[1950][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0478 (9.3808)
Epoch:[1950][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5921 (9.3970)
Epoch:[1950][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3665 (9.3948)
Epoch:[1950][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2572 (9.3857)
Epoch:[1950][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4308 (9.3885)
Epoch:[1950][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6837 (9.3470)
Epoch:[1950][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1882 (9.3382)
epoch 1950 finished, takes 33.67662167549133 seconds
Epoch:[1951][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5466 (8.5466)
Epoch:[1951][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5869 (9.0667)
Epoch:[1951][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5399 (9.2245)
Epoch:[1951][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2158 (9.2223)
Epoch:[1951][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9720 (9.3722)
Epoch:[1951][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8871 (9.2914)
Epoch:[1951][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4940 (9.3203)
Epoch:[1951][ 7/18]	Time 1.62 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0044 (9.2808)
Epoch:[1951][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5023 (9.3054)
Epoch:[1951][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3167 (9.3066)
Epoch:[1951][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3567 (9.3111)
Epoch:[1951][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2488 (9.3059)
Epoch:[1951][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7352 (9.3390)
Epoch:[1951][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4432 (9.3464)
Epoch:[1951][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1006 (9.3300)
Epoch:[1951][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7151 (9.3541)
Epoch:[1951][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0610 (9.3368)
Epoch:[1951][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0104 (9.3187)
epoch 1951 finished, takes 33.1720917224884 seconds
Epoch:[1952][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3873 (9.3873)
Epoch:[1952][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6000 (9.4937)
Epoch:[1952][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1426 (9.3766)
Epoch:[1952][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2245 (9.3386)
Epoch:[1952][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3607 (9.3430)
Epoch:[1952][ 5/18]	Time 2.22 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0080 (9.4539)
Epoch:[1952][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4505 (9.4534)
Epoch:[1952][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9248 (9.3873)
Epoch:[1952][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8826 (9.3312)
Epoch:[1952][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3585 (9.3340)
Epoch:[1952][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4014 (9.3401)
Epoch:[1952][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5593 (9.3584)
Epoch:[1952][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3725 (9.3595)
Epoch:[1952][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5375 (9.3722)
Epoch:[1952][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5661 (9.3851)
Epoch:[1952][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8950 (9.3545)
Epoch:[1952][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7554 (9.3192)
Epoch:[1952][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1820 (9.3116)
epoch 1952 finished, takes 33.663532972335815 seconds
Epoch:[1953][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6563 (9.6563)
Epoch:[1953][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3153 (9.4858)
Epoch:[1953][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1656 (9.3791)
Epoch:[1953][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2597 (9.3492)
Epoch:[1953][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4519 (9.3698)
Epoch:[1953][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7219 (9.2618)
Epoch:[1953][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2747 (9.2636)
Epoch:[1953][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9940 (9.2299)
Epoch:[1953][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9675 (9.2008)
Epoch:[1953][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2142 (9.2021)
Epoch:[1953][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3564 (9.2161)
Epoch:[1953][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3586 (9.2280)
Epoch:[1953][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0804 (9.2167)
Epoch:[1953][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2596 (9.2197)
Epoch:[1953][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5488 (9.2417)
Epoch:[1953][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2745 (9.2437)
Epoch:[1953][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2948 (9.2467)
Epoch:[1953][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1177 (9.2396)
epoch 1953 finished, takes 33.93314552307129 seconds
Epoch:[1954][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5579 (9.5579)
Epoch:[1954][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4750 (9.5164)
Epoch:[1954][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0814 (9.3714)
Epoch:[1954][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5989 (9.4283)
Epoch:[1954][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7072 (9.4841)
Epoch:[1954][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2628 (9.4472)
Epoch:[1954][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1408 (9.4034)
Epoch:[1954][ 7/18]	Time 2.18 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3504 (9.3968)
Epoch:[1954][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0929 (9.3630)
Epoch:[1954][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4066 (9.3674)
Epoch:[1954][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7268 (9.4001)
Epoch:[1954][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5797 (9.4150)
Epoch:[1954][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6733 (9.4349)
Epoch:[1954][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3718 (9.4304)
Epoch:[1954][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2565 (9.4188)
Epoch:[1954][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5511 (9.4271)
Epoch:[1954][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0723 (9.4062)
Epoch:[1954][17/18]	Time 2.27 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6439 (9.4194)
epoch 1954 finished, takes 34.23372673988342 seconds
Epoch:[1955][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5023 (9.5023)
Epoch:[1955][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3973 (9.4498)
Epoch:[1955][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6011 (9.5002)
Epoch:[1955][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6167 (9.5293)
Epoch:[1955][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3181 (9.4871)
Epoch:[1955][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2239 (9.4432)
Epoch:[1955][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1780 (9.4053)
Epoch:[1955][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3918 (9.4036)
Epoch:[1955][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9766 (9.3562)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5597789678659567  precision:  0.6086585510435528  f1:  0.5053197526887718 perclass recall:  [0.98835275 0.73927346 0.74882261 0.18862275 0.13382328]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.746167739511193  precision:  0.7670422120132185  f1:  0.7482327600005875 perclass recall:  [0.95719844 0.61666667 0.79910714 0.75510204 0.67341772 0.70761671
 0.75529865 0.70493454]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7054935028877646  precision:  0.7064273558668429  f1:  0.6924404113545019 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96331522 0.97054264 0.4351145  0.9        0.51426799]
Epoch:[1955][ 9/18]	Time 12.26 (2.86)	Data 10.33 (1.03)	Loss 8.6328 (9.2839)
Epoch:[1955][10/18]	Time 1.74 (2.76)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.1451 (9.2712)
Epoch:[1955][11/18]	Time 1.94 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.5027 (9.2905)
Epoch:[1955][12/18]	Time 1.64 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.3666 (9.2964)
Epoch:[1955][13/18]	Time 1.97 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.4588 (9.3080)
Epoch:[1955][14/18]	Time 2.00 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.1757 (9.2992)
Epoch:[1955][15/18]	Time 1.67 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.6467 (9.3209)
Epoch:[1955][16/18]	Time 1.88 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.6996 (9.3432)
Epoch:[1955][17/18]	Time 1.77 (2.40)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.7479 (9.3656)
epoch 1955 finished, takes 43.26647186279297 seconds
Epoch:[1956][ 0/18]	Time 1.55 (1.55)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6495 (8.6495)
Epoch:[1956][ 1/18]	Time 2.19 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6353 (9.1424)
Epoch:[1956][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6390 (9.3080)
Epoch:[1956][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4204 (9.3361)
Epoch:[1956][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7132 (9.4115)
Epoch:[1956][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9980 (9.5092)
Epoch:[1956][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5091 (9.3664)
Epoch:[1956][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3175 (9.3603)
Epoch:[1956][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1933 (9.3417)
Epoch:[1956][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3818 (9.3457)
Epoch:[1956][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1584 (9.3287)
Epoch:[1956][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9546 (9.2975)
Epoch:[1956][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3841 (9.3042)
Epoch:[1956][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2860 (9.3029)
Epoch:[1956][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3420 (9.3055)
Epoch:[1956][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2678 (9.3031)
Epoch:[1956][16/18]	Time 2.20 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3494 (9.3059)
Epoch:[1956][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0059 (9.2892)
epoch 1956 finished, takes 33.21976685523987 seconds
Epoch:[1957][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7035 (9.7035)
Epoch:[1957][ 1/18]	Time 1.58 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8586 (9.2811)
Epoch:[1957][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9004 (9.1542)
Epoch:[1957][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7784 (9.3102)
Epoch:[1957][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2120 (9.2906)
Epoch:[1957][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3772 (9.3050)
Epoch:[1957][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5233 (9.3362)
Epoch:[1957][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1729 (9.3158)
Epoch:[1957][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0529 (9.2866)
Epoch:[1957][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9920 (9.2571)
Epoch:[1957][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7695 (9.3037)
Epoch:[1957][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5796 (9.3267)
Epoch:[1957][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4621 (9.3371)
Epoch:[1957][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5005 (9.3488)
Epoch:[1957][14/18]	Time 1.61 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6387 (9.3681)
Epoch:[1957][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1490 (9.3544)
Epoch:[1957][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0064 (9.3339)
Epoch:[1957][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2293 (9.3281)
epoch 1957 finished, takes 32.36457109451294 seconds
Epoch:[1958][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1442 (9.1442)
Epoch:[1958][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1733 (9.1588)
Epoch:[1958][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9711 (9.0962)
Epoch:[1958][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1929 (9.1204)
Epoch:[1958][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3312 (9.1625)
Epoch:[1958][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9208 (9.1222)
Epoch:[1958][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4227 (9.1652)
Epoch:[1958][ 7/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7838 (9.2425)
Epoch:[1958][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0911 (9.2257)
Epoch:[1958][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9877 (9.2019)
Epoch:[1958][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3850 (9.2185)
Epoch:[1958][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1758 (9.2150)
Epoch:[1958][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9607 (9.1954)
Epoch:[1958][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1333 (9.1910)
Epoch:[1958][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6427 (9.2211)
Epoch:[1958][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1000 (9.2135)
Epoch:[1958][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5786 (9.2350)
Epoch:[1958][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2541 (9.2361)
epoch 1958 finished, takes 34.22694206237793 seconds
Epoch:[1959][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4061 (9.4061)
Epoch:[1959][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3014 (9.3538)
Epoch:[1959][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1879 (9.2985)
Epoch:[1959][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5149 (9.3526)
Epoch:[1959][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2976 (9.3416)
Epoch:[1959][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9741 (9.2803)
Epoch:[1959][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2132 (9.2707)
Epoch:[1959][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6725 (9.3210)
Epoch:[1959][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1453 (9.3014)
Epoch:[1959][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3388 (9.3052)
Epoch:[1959][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2074 (9.2963)
Epoch:[1959][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4892 (9.3124)
Epoch:[1959][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6083 (9.3351)
Epoch:[1959][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4967 (9.3467)
Epoch:[1959][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2782 (9.3421)
Epoch:[1959][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0900 (9.3263)
Epoch:[1959][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6784 (9.3471)
Epoch:[1959][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5186 (9.3566)
epoch 1959 finished, takes 33.903173208236694 seconds
Epoch:[1960][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5632 (9.5632)
Epoch:[1960][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5522 (9.5577)
Epoch:[1960][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3138 (9.4764)
Epoch:[1960][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1847 (9.4035)
Epoch:[1960][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9224 (9.3072)
Epoch:[1960][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5362 (9.3454)
Epoch:[1960][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9807 (9.2933)
Epoch:[1960][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9202 (9.2467)
Epoch:[1960][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5994 (9.2859)
Epoch:[1960][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4926 (9.3065)
Epoch:[1960][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3273 (9.3084)
Epoch:[1960][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4188 (9.3176)
Epoch:[1960][12/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2373 (9.3114)
Epoch:[1960][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3845 (9.3167)
Epoch:[1960][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4331 (9.3244)
Epoch:[1960][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7254 (9.3495)
Epoch:[1960][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2456 (9.3434)
Epoch:[1960][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9340 (9.3206)
epoch 1960 finished, takes 33.5910542011261 seconds
Epoch:[1961][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5142 (9.5142)
Epoch:[1961][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0000 (9.7571)
Epoch:[1961][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1808 (9.5650)
Epoch:[1961][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1791 (9.4685)
Epoch:[1961][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9604 (9.3669)
Epoch:[1961][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3147 (9.3582)
Epoch:[1961][ 6/18]	Time 2.31 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8188 (9.4240)
Epoch:[1961][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1683 (9.5170)
Epoch:[1961][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1688 (9.4783)
Epoch:[1961][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8699 (9.4175)
Epoch:[1961][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4143 (9.4172)
Epoch:[1961][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1112 (9.3917)
Epoch:[1961][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8893 (9.3531)
Epoch:[1961][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0763 (9.3333)
Epoch:[1961][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4107 (9.3384)
Epoch:[1961][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5594 (9.3523)
Epoch:[1961][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2138 (9.3441)
Epoch:[1961][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8780 (9.3182)
epoch 1961 finished, takes 34.033952713012695 seconds
Epoch:[1962][ 0/18]	Time 1.51 (1.51)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7981 (8.7981)
Epoch:[1962][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2265 (9.0123)
Epoch:[1962][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4247 (9.1498)
Epoch:[1962][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0618 (9.1278)
Epoch:[1962][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8081 (9.0638)
Epoch:[1962][ 5/18]	Time 1.63 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8993 (9.0364)
Epoch:[1962][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2804 (9.0713)
Epoch:[1962][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1731 (9.0840)
Epoch:[1962][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4157 (9.1209)
Epoch:[1962][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2363 (9.1324)
Epoch:[1962][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3586 (9.1530)
Epoch:[1962][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0696 (9.1460)
Epoch:[1962][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2795 (9.1563)
Epoch:[1962][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5959 (9.1877)
Epoch:[1962][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2421 (9.1913)
Epoch:[1962][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0915 (9.1851)
Epoch:[1962][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2316 (9.1878)
Epoch:[1962][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5168 (9.2061)
epoch 1962 finished, takes 32.968817949295044 seconds
Epoch:[1963][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2077 (9.2077)
Epoch:[1963][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1483 (9.1780)
Epoch:[1963][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1836 (9.1798)
Epoch:[1963][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3974 (9.2342)
Epoch:[1963][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2694 (9.2413)
Epoch:[1963][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4582 (9.2774)
Epoch:[1963][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8377 (9.3575)
Epoch:[1963][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2746 (9.3471)
Epoch:[1963][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2432 (9.3356)
Epoch:[1963][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4671 (9.3487)
Epoch:[1963][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4750 (9.3602)
Epoch:[1963][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1848 (9.3456)
Epoch:[1963][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8644 (9.3086)
Epoch:[1963][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4931 (9.3217)
Epoch:[1963][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3505 (9.3237)
Epoch:[1963][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2802 (9.3209)
Epoch:[1963][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4847 (9.3306)
Epoch:[1963][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5688 (9.3438)
epoch 1963 finished, takes 33.69206094741821 seconds
Epoch:[1964][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4843 (9.4843)
Epoch:[1964][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7808 (9.1326)
Epoch:[1964][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9104 (9.0585)
Epoch:[1964][ 3/18]	Time 1.47 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4178 (9.1483)
Epoch:[1964][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1878 (9.1562)
Epoch:[1964][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9393 (9.1201)
Epoch:[1964][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2205 (9.1344)
Epoch:[1964][ 7/18]	Time 2.26 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7222 (9.2079)
Epoch:[1964][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1139 (9.1974)
Epoch:[1964][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3085 (9.2085)
Epoch:[1964][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8950 (9.2709)
Epoch:[1964][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2534 (9.2695)
Epoch:[1964][12/18]	Time 2.24 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1094 (9.2572)
Epoch:[1964][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2167 (9.2543)
Epoch:[1964][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3686 (9.2619)
Epoch:[1964][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3911 (9.2700)
Epoch:[1964][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1057 (9.2603)
Epoch:[1964][17/18]	Time 2.31 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2605 (9.2603)
epoch 1964 finished, takes 33.92185640335083 seconds
Epoch:[1965][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4908 (9.4908)
Epoch:[1965][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2381 (9.3644)
Epoch:[1965][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6901 (9.4730)
Epoch:[1965][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3943 (9.4533)
Epoch:[1965][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0950 (9.3817)
Epoch:[1965][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3167 (9.3708)
Epoch:[1965][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6640 (9.4127)
Epoch:[1965][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4472 (9.4170)
Epoch:[1965][ 8/18]	Time 1.59 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1635 (9.3889)
Epoch:[1965][ 9/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9182 (9.3418)
Epoch:[1965][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6038 (9.3656)
Epoch:[1965][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6671 (9.3907)
Epoch:[1965][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1164 (9.4466)
Epoch:[1965][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1516 (9.4255)
Epoch:[1965][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0703 (9.4018)
Epoch:[1965][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3611 (9.3993)
Epoch:[1965][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3623 (9.3971)
Epoch:[1965][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1924 (9.3857)
epoch 1965 finished, takes 33.68797755241394 seconds
Epoch:[1966][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0656 (9.0656)
Epoch:[1966][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9338 (9.4997)
Epoch:[1966][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1960 (9.3985)
Epoch:[1966][ 3/18]	Time 2.16 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6109 (9.4516)
Epoch:[1966][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0920 (9.3797)
Epoch:[1966][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0010 (9.4832)
Epoch:[1966][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2081 (9.4439)
Epoch:[1966][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3833 (9.4363)
Epoch:[1966][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0365 (9.3919)
Epoch:[1966][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4593 (9.3986)
Epoch:[1966][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5008 (9.4079)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5616819879468495  precision:  0.6152292623192069  f1:  0.5083461883396407 perclass recall:  [0.98835275 0.73970252 0.74921507 0.18945442 0.14168518]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7468712848635867  precision:  0.7677417663186894  f1:  0.7491294657280257 perclass recall:  [0.95979248 0.61875    0.80357143 0.76417234 0.66329114 0.70515971
 0.75529865 0.70493454]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7052923844491273  precision:  0.7073759654053194  f1:  0.6927405285301641 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96331522 0.97054264 0.4351145  0.89848485 0.51736973]
Epoch:[1966][11/18]	Time 12.46 (2.77)	Data 10.37 (0.87)	Loss 9.5536 (9.4201)
Epoch:[1966][12/18]	Time 1.74 (2.70)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.7236 (9.4434)
Epoch:[1966][13/18]	Time 1.73 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.1645 (9.4235)
Epoch:[1966][14/18]	Time 1.89 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.5222 (9.4301)
Epoch:[1966][15/18]	Time 1.79 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.5314 (9.4364)
Epoch:[1966][16/18]	Time 2.15 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.3607 (9.4320)
Epoch:[1966][17/18]	Time 1.90 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.4681 (9.4340)
epoch 1966 finished, takes 44.50872254371643 seconds
Epoch:[1967][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1999 (9.1999)
Epoch:[1967][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6715 (9.4357)
Epoch:[1967][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2778 (9.3831)
Epoch:[1967][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5297 (9.4197)
Epoch:[1967][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8466 (9.3051)
Epoch:[1967][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6315 (9.3595)
Epoch:[1967][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9342 (9.2987)
Epoch:[1967][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8764 (9.3710)
Epoch:[1967][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2300 (9.3553)
Epoch:[1967][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0890 (9.4287)
Epoch:[1967][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9576 (9.3858)
Epoch:[1967][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9736 (9.3515)
Epoch:[1967][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3496 (9.3513)
Epoch:[1967][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0999 (9.3334)
Epoch:[1967][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6806 (9.3565)
Epoch:[1967][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8584 (9.3254)
Epoch:[1967][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8308 (9.2963)
Epoch:[1967][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7077 (9.3192)
epoch 1967 finished, takes 33.30402660369873 seconds
Epoch:[1968][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0426 (9.0426)
Epoch:[1968][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0066 (9.0246)
Epoch:[1968][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0836 (9.3776)
Epoch:[1968][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7076 (9.2101)
Epoch:[1968][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4485 (9.2578)
Epoch:[1968][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4284 (9.2862)
Epoch:[1968][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9271 (9.3778)
Epoch:[1968][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8571 (9.3127)
Epoch:[1968][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2674 (9.3076)
Epoch:[1968][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9528 (9.2722)
Epoch:[1968][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3609 (9.2802)
Epoch:[1968][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4430 (9.2938)
Epoch:[1968][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1949 (9.2862)
Epoch:[1968][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4516 (9.2980)
Epoch:[1968][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3390 (9.3007)
Epoch:[1968][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1004 (9.2882)
Epoch:[1968][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3564 (9.2922)
Epoch:[1968][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5235 (9.3051)
epoch 1968 finished, takes 33.28231072425842 seconds
Epoch:[1969][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7252 (9.7252)
Epoch:[1969][ 1/18]	Time 1.54 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5600 (9.6426)
Epoch:[1969][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4524 (9.5792)
Epoch:[1969][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1992 (9.4842)
Epoch:[1969][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9461 (9.3766)
Epoch:[1969][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5361 (9.4032)
Epoch:[1969][ 6/18]	Time 1.63 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6461 (9.4379)
Epoch:[1969][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0840 (9.3936)
Epoch:[1969][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4095 (9.3954)
Epoch:[1969][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4386 (9.3997)
Epoch:[1969][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6597 (9.4234)
Epoch:[1969][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3984 (9.4213)
Epoch:[1969][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3730 (9.4176)
Epoch:[1969][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2388 (9.4048)
Epoch:[1969][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0562 (9.3816)
Epoch:[1969][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3643 (9.3805)
Epoch:[1969][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6426 (9.3959)
Epoch:[1969][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5278 (9.4032)
epoch 1969 finished, takes 33.69674015045166 seconds
Epoch:[1970][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7029 (9.7029)
Epoch:[1970][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1293 (9.4161)
Epoch:[1970][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7242 (9.5188)
Epoch:[1970][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1797 (9.4340)
Epoch:[1970][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0718 (9.3616)
Epoch:[1970][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5099 (9.3863)
Epoch:[1970][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9128 (9.4615)
Epoch:[1970][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0981 (9.4161)
Epoch:[1970][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4954 (9.4249)
Epoch:[1970][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1684 (9.3992)
Epoch:[1970][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9682 (9.3600)
Epoch:[1970][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3799 (9.3617)
Epoch:[1970][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6432 (9.3834)
Epoch:[1970][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6667 (9.4036)
Epoch:[1970][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0226 (9.3782)
Epoch:[1970][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6032 (9.3298)
Epoch:[1970][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1201 (9.3174)
Epoch:[1970][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3418 (9.3188)
epoch 1970 finished, takes 33.25588583946228 seconds
Epoch:[1971][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2156 (9.2156)
Epoch:[1971][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6298 (9.4227)
Epoch:[1971][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8917 (9.2457)
Epoch:[1971][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6985 (9.3589)
Epoch:[1971][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2802 (9.3431)
Epoch:[1971][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5293 (9.3742)
Epoch:[1971][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0519 (9.3281)
Epoch:[1971][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1863 (9.3104)
Epoch:[1971][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3842 (9.3186)
Epoch:[1971][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1194 (9.2987)
Epoch:[1971][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4443 (9.3119)
Epoch:[1971][11/18]	Time 2.16 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4930 (9.3270)
Epoch:[1971][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5126 (9.3413)
Epoch:[1971][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9003 (9.3098)
Epoch:[1971][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4591 (9.3197)
Epoch:[1971][15/18]	Time 1.59 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6644 (9.3413)
Epoch:[1971][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2544 (9.3362)
Epoch:[1971][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0093 (9.3180)
epoch 1971 finished, takes 34.046627044677734 seconds
Epoch:[1972][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2322 (9.2322)
Epoch:[1972][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6672 (9.4497)
Epoch:[1972][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3087 (9.4027)
Epoch:[1972][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0876 (9.3239)
Epoch:[1972][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5868 (9.3765)
Epoch:[1972][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0354 (9.3196)
Epoch:[1972][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3849 (9.3290)
Epoch:[1972][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5850 (9.3610)
Epoch:[1972][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6245 (9.3902)
Epoch:[1972][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3945 (9.3907)
Epoch:[1972][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0509 (9.3598)
Epoch:[1972][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1390 (9.3414)
Epoch:[1972][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2837 (9.3370)
Epoch:[1972][13/18]	Time 2.44 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7833 (9.3688)
Epoch:[1972][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6130 (9.3851)
Epoch:[1972][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8555 (9.3520)
Epoch:[1972][16/18]	Time 2.17 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7068 (9.3729)
Epoch:[1972][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2209 (9.3644)
epoch 1972 finished, takes 34.86517286300659 seconds
Epoch:[1973][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0874 (9.0874)
Epoch:[1973][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4750 (9.2812)
Epoch:[1973][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1616 (9.2414)
Epoch:[1973][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1848 (9.2272)
Epoch:[1973][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1403 (9.2098)
Epoch:[1973][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8876 (9.1561)
Epoch:[1973][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4607 (9.1996)
Epoch:[1973][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3345 (9.2165)
Epoch:[1973][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2559 (9.2209)
Epoch:[1973][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4904 (9.2478)
Epoch:[1973][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4631 (9.2674)
Epoch:[1973][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6276 (9.2974)
Epoch:[1973][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5209 (9.3146)
Epoch:[1973][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1513 (9.3029)
Epoch:[1973][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5312 (9.3182)
Epoch:[1973][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8435 (9.2885)
Epoch:[1973][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0338 (9.2735)
Epoch:[1973][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5398 (9.2883)
epoch 1973 finished, takes 33.7878794670105 seconds
Epoch:[1974][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4249 (9.4249)
Epoch:[1974][ 1/18]	Time 1.63 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4833 (8.9541)
Epoch:[1974][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9427 (8.9503)
Epoch:[1974][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7848 (9.1589)
Epoch:[1974][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4647 (9.2201)
Epoch:[1974][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5830 (9.2806)
Epoch:[1974][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4650 (9.3069)
Epoch:[1974][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1781 (9.2908)
Epoch:[1974][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1561 (9.2758)
Epoch:[1974][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3128 (9.2795)
Epoch:[1974][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0538 (9.2590)
Epoch:[1974][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8321 (9.3068)
Epoch:[1974][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5549 (9.3259)
Epoch:[1974][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1984 (9.3168)
Epoch:[1974][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0705 (9.3003)
Epoch:[1974][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6115 (9.2573)
Epoch:[1974][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1259 (9.2496)
Epoch:[1974][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3409 (9.2546)
epoch 1974 finished, takes 33.56894087791443 seconds
Epoch:[1975][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2508 (9.2508)
Epoch:[1975][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2925 (9.2716)
Epoch:[1975][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3046 (9.2826)
Epoch:[1975][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3885 (9.3091)
Epoch:[1975][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1069 (9.2687)
Epoch:[1975][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0755 (9.2365)
Epoch:[1975][ 6/18]	Time 1.62 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1377 (9.2224)
Epoch:[1975][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9442 (9.1876)
Epoch:[1975][ 8/18]	Time 1.65 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1902 (9.1879)
Epoch:[1975][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6453 (9.2336)
Epoch:[1975][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5084 (9.2586)
Epoch:[1975][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3148 (9.2633)
Epoch:[1975][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2669 (9.2636)
Epoch:[1975][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2516 (9.2627)
Epoch:[1975][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1807 (9.2572)
Epoch:[1975][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0718 (9.2457)
Epoch:[1975][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0062 (9.2316)
Epoch:[1975][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0030 (9.2744)
epoch 1975 finished, takes 33.36432981491089 seconds
Epoch:[1976][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9782 (8.9782)
Epoch:[1976][ 1/18]	Time 2.20 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2675 (9.1228)
Epoch:[1976][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3700 (9.2052)
Epoch:[1976][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4096 (9.2563)
Epoch:[1976][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6279 (9.1306)
Epoch:[1976][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5476 (9.2001)
Epoch:[1976][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6965 (9.2710)
Epoch:[1976][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5546 (9.3065)
Epoch:[1976][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0709 (9.2803)
Epoch:[1976][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2990 (9.2822)
Epoch:[1976][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3567 (9.2890)
Epoch:[1976][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3996 (9.2982)
Epoch:[1976][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4429 (9.3093)
Epoch:[1976][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3882 (9.3149)
Epoch:[1976][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4034 (9.3208)
Epoch:[1976][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0920 (9.3065)
Epoch:[1976][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5013 (9.3180)
Epoch:[1976][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4583 (9.3258)
epoch 1976 finished, takes 34.11638879776001 seconds
Epoch:[1977][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0156 (9.0156)
Epoch:[1977][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4936 (9.2546)
Epoch:[1977][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2492 (9.2528)
Epoch:[1977][ 3/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4955 (9.3135)
Epoch:[1977][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0685 (9.2645)
Epoch:[1977][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3721 (9.2824)
Epoch:[1977][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2209 (9.2736)
Epoch:[1977][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2661 (9.2727)
Epoch:[1977][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9222 (9.2337)
Epoch:[1977][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8442 (9.1948)
Epoch:[1977][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9660 (9.2649)
Epoch:[1977][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7251 (9.3032)
Epoch:[1977][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3017 (9.3031)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5601887216635572  precision:  0.6095732828701896  f1:  0.5058341572949425 perclass recall:  [0.98859044 0.73927346 0.74843014 0.18928809 0.13536148]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7454971081804707  precision:  0.766136730241523  f1:  0.7475534214759878 perclass recall:  [0.96044099 0.6125     0.80133929 0.76870748 0.65822785 0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.70090634]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7069356850660498  precision:  0.707952132354817  f1:  0.6940867761686982 perclass recall:  [0.45530726 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.4351145  0.90151515 0.51736973]
Epoch:[1977][13/18]	Time 12.48 (2.64)	Data 10.35 (0.74)	Loss 9.2846 (9.3018)
Epoch:[1977][14/18]	Time 1.81 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.6834 (9.3273)
Epoch:[1977][15/18]	Time 1.63 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.2956 (9.3253)
Epoch:[1977][16/18]	Time 1.64 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.5100 (9.3361)
Epoch:[1977][17/18]	Time 1.75 (2.43)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.9203 (9.3686)
epoch 1977 finished, takes 43.83758521080017 seconds
Epoch:[1978][ 0/18]	Time 2.16 (2.16)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5473 (9.5473)
Epoch:[1978][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1688 (9.3580)
Epoch:[1978][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2504 (9.3222)
Epoch:[1978][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0503 (9.2542)
Epoch:[1978][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1619 (9.2358)
Epoch:[1978][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5327 (9.2852)
Epoch:[1978][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2775 (9.2841)
Epoch:[1978][ 7/18]	Time 1.61 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1987 (9.2735)
Epoch:[1978][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4559 (9.2937)
Epoch:[1978][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2543 (9.2898)
Epoch:[1978][10/18]	Time 2.18 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4318 (9.3027)
Epoch:[1978][11/18]	Time 1.59 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3096 (9.3033)
Epoch:[1978][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4218 (9.3124)
Epoch:[1978][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9116 (9.2838)
Epoch:[1978][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3600 (9.2888)
Epoch:[1978][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0945 (9.2767)
Epoch:[1978][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2259 (9.2737)
Epoch:[1978][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7820 (9.3019)
epoch 1978 finished, takes 33.296852588653564 seconds
Epoch:[1979][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3679 (9.3679)
Epoch:[1979][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7065 (9.5372)
Epoch:[1979][ 2/18]	Time 2.16 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4026 (9.4923)
Epoch:[1979][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1151 (9.3980)
Epoch:[1979][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4567 (9.4098)
Epoch:[1979][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2521 (9.3835)
Epoch:[1979][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0251 (9.3323)
Epoch:[1979][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7732 (9.3874)
Epoch:[1979][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4667 (9.3962)
Epoch:[1979][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2437 (9.3810)
Epoch:[1979][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3147 (9.3749)
Epoch:[1979][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4289 (9.3794)
Epoch:[1979][12/18]	Time 2.24 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5033 (9.3890)
Epoch:[1979][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4110 (9.3905)
Epoch:[1979][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6702 (9.4092)
Epoch:[1979][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2192 (9.3973)
Epoch:[1979][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7877 (9.3614)
Epoch:[1979][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4739 (9.3677)
epoch 1979 finished, takes 34.8490149974823 seconds
Epoch:[1980][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1037 (9.1037)
Epoch:[1980][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4861 (9.2949)
Epoch:[1980][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1679 (9.2526)
Epoch:[1980][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5272 (9.3212)
Epoch:[1980][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8670 (9.2304)
Epoch:[1980][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9917 (9.1906)
Epoch:[1980][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4142 (9.2226)
Epoch:[1980][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0272 (9.1981)
Epoch:[1980][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6069 (9.2435)
Epoch:[1980][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8390 (9.2031)
Epoch:[1980][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0298 (9.1873)
Epoch:[1980][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2635 (9.1937)
Epoch:[1980][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4055 (9.2100)
Epoch:[1980][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2131 (9.2102)
Epoch:[1980][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2606 (9.2136)
Epoch:[1980][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0271 (9.2019)
Epoch:[1980][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3470 (9.2104)
Epoch:[1980][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3545 (9.2184)
epoch 1980 finished, takes 33.13810729980469 seconds
Epoch:[1981][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3557 (9.3557)
Epoch:[1981][ 1/18]	Time 2.31 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0261 (9.6909)
Epoch:[1981][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9591 (9.4470)
Epoch:[1981][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8064 (9.5368)
Epoch:[1981][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0898 (9.4474)
Epoch:[1981][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4748 (9.4520)
Epoch:[1981][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4075 (9.4456)
Epoch:[1981][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4573 (9.4471)
Epoch:[1981][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8587 (9.3817)
Epoch:[1981][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5167 (9.3952)
Epoch:[1981][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7670 (9.3381)
Epoch:[1981][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7617 (9.3734)
Epoch:[1981][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3861 (9.3744)
Epoch:[1981][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1560 (9.3588)
Epoch:[1981][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5628 (9.3724)
Epoch:[1981][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2056 (9.3619)
Epoch:[1981][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0746 (9.3450)
Epoch:[1981][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9362 (9.3223)
epoch 1981 finished, takes 34.56811809539795 seconds
Epoch:[1982][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4175 (9.4175)
Epoch:[1982][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5448 (9.4811)
Epoch:[1982][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8058 (9.5894)
Epoch:[1982][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5688 (9.5842)
Epoch:[1982][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8575 (9.4389)
Epoch:[1982][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3719 (9.4277)
Epoch:[1982][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2927 (9.4084)
Epoch:[1982][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2770 (9.3920)
Epoch:[1982][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1410 (9.3641)
Epoch:[1982][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3975 (9.3675)
Epoch:[1982][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6090 (9.3894)
Epoch:[1982][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1983 (9.3735)
Epoch:[1982][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3934 (9.3750)
Epoch:[1982][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9806 (9.3468)
Epoch:[1982][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2618 (9.3412)
Epoch:[1982][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2977 (9.3385)
Epoch:[1982][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0975 (9.3243)
Epoch:[1982][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2593 (9.3207)
epoch 1982 finished, takes 34.9324426651001 seconds
Epoch:[1983][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7857 (8.7857)
Epoch:[1983][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1264 (8.9560)
Epoch:[1983][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5562 (9.1561)
Epoch:[1983][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1086 (9.1442)
Epoch:[1983][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7997 (9.0753)
Epoch:[1983][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6860 (9.1771)
Epoch:[1983][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6020 (9.2378)
Epoch:[1983][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3114 (9.2470)
Epoch:[1983][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2212 (9.2441)
Epoch:[1983][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1018 (9.2299)
Epoch:[1983][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9269 (9.2023)
Epoch:[1983][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4289 (9.2212)
Epoch:[1983][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4996 (9.2426)
Epoch:[1983][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7066 (9.2044)
Epoch:[1983][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5260 (9.2258)
Epoch:[1983][15/18]	Time 2.18 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4762 (9.2414)
Epoch:[1983][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2869 (9.2441)
Epoch:[1983][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5278 (9.2599)
epoch 1983 finished, takes 33.08076357841492 seconds
Epoch:[1984][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6193 (9.6193)
Epoch:[1984][ 1/18]	Time 1.57 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6996 (9.1594)
Epoch:[1984][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3535 (9.2241)
Epoch:[1984][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3556 (9.2570)
Epoch:[1984][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1316 (9.2319)
Epoch:[1984][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5575 (9.2862)
Epoch:[1984][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2744 (9.2845)
Epoch:[1984][ 7/18]	Time 2.29 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0350 (9.2533)
Epoch:[1984][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2502 (9.2530)
Epoch:[1984][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2480 (9.2525)
Epoch:[1984][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6015 (9.2842)
Epoch:[1984][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2367 (9.2802)
Epoch:[1984][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0476 (9.2623)
Epoch:[1984][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2811 (9.2637)
Epoch:[1984][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0514 (9.2495)
Epoch:[1984][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4991 (9.2651)
Epoch:[1984][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0795 (9.2542)
Epoch:[1984][17/18]	Time 2.21 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8837 (9.2892)
epoch 1984 finished, takes 33.905966997146606 seconds
Epoch:[1985][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3359 (9.3359)
Epoch:[1985][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0876 (9.2118)
Epoch:[1985][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4452 (9.2896)
Epoch:[1985][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2064 (9.2688)
Epoch:[1985][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1579 (9.2466)
Epoch:[1985][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6228 (9.3093)
Epoch:[1985][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5147 (9.3387)
Epoch:[1985][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4920 (9.3578)
Epoch:[1985][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3567 (9.3577)
Epoch:[1985][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2878 (9.3507)
Epoch:[1985][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3879 (9.3541)
Epoch:[1985][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3435 (9.3532)
Epoch:[1985][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1493 (9.3375)
Epoch:[1985][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0224 (9.3150)
Epoch:[1985][14/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1705 (9.3054)
Epoch:[1985][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4960 (9.3173)
Epoch:[1985][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1341 (9.3065)
Epoch:[1985][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1277 (9.2966)
epoch 1985 finished, takes 33.880285024642944 seconds
Epoch:[1986][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0532 (9.0532)
Epoch:[1986][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8724 (8.9628)
Epoch:[1986][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7553 (9.2270)
Epoch:[1986][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1272 (9.2020)
Epoch:[1986][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0108 (9.1638)
Epoch:[1986][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0308 (9.1416)
Epoch:[1986][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8239 (9.2391)
Epoch:[1986][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1620 (9.2295)
Epoch:[1986][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0582 (9.2104)
Epoch:[1986][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5237 (9.2418)
Epoch:[1986][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5705 (9.2716)
Epoch:[1986][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8862 (9.3229)
Epoch:[1986][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3466 (9.3247)
Epoch:[1986][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4210 (9.3316)
Epoch:[1986][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1750 (9.3211)
Epoch:[1986][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3514 (9.3230)
Epoch:[1986][16/18]	Time 2.28 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3057 (9.3220)
Epoch:[1986][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4024 (9.3265)
epoch 1986 finished, takes 34.18126630783081 seconds
Epoch:[1987][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3818 (9.3818)
Epoch:[1987][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5031 (9.4424)
Epoch:[1987][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7164 (9.2004)
Epoch:[1987][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6831 (9.0711)
Epoch:[1987][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0733 (9.2715)
Epoch:[1987][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5654 (9.3205)
Epoch:[1987][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1778 (9.3001)
Epoch:[1987][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2511 (9.2940)
Epoch:[1987][ 8/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0711 (9.2692)
Epoch:[1987][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9764 (9.2399)
Epoch:[1987][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3553 (9.2504)
Epoch:[1987][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2151 (9.2475)
Epoch:[1987][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5516 (9.2709)
Epoch:[1987][13/18]	Time 2.26 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4166 (9.2813)
Epoch:[1987][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3481 (9.2857)
Epoch:[1987][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4005 (9.2929)
Epoch:[1987][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9816 (9.2746)
Epoch:[1987][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4710 (9.2855)
epoch 1987 finished, takes 34.40273141860962 seconds
Epoch:[1988][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2421 (9.2421)
Epoch:[1988][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3416 (9.2918)
Epoch:[1988][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5765 (9.3867)
Epoch:[1988][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1597 (9.3300)
Epoch:[1988][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8375 (9.2315)
Epoch:[1988][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9451 (9.1838)
Epoch:[1988][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4100 (9.2161)
Epoch:[1988][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8121 (9.1656)
Epoch:[1988][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2703 (9.1772)
Epoch:[1988][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6191 (9.2214)
Epoch:[1988][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7800 (9.1813)
Epoch:[1988][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2168 (9.1842)
Epoch:[1988][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2994 (9.1931)
Epoch:[1988][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4921 (9.2144)
Epoch:[1988][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6858 (9.2459)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5602811432268877  precision:  0.6084908096440123  f1:  0.5058955288125982 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.73770023 0.74843014 0.1922821  0.1341651 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7447174373281608  precision:  0.7660448212569408  f1:  0.7471244130715273 perclass recall:  [0.95784695 0.61041667 0.796875   0.76643991 0.66582278 0.6953317
 0.761079   0.70392749]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.70494662771332  precision:  0.7061029964440638  f1:  0.6920244398010174 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96331522 0.97054264 0.42938931 0.90151515 0.51799007]
Epoch:[1988][15/18]	Time 12.53 (2.49)	Data 10.58 (0.66)	Loss 9.2173 (9.2441)
Epoch:[1988][16/18]	Time 2.06 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.5588 (9.2626)
Epoch:[1988][17/18]	Time 1.90 (2.43)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.8061 (9.2928)
epoch 1988 finished, takes 43.83219790458679 seconds
Epoch:[1989][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3522 (9.3522)
Epoch:[1989][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2997 (9.3260)
Epoch:[1989][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8967 (9.1829)
Epoch:[1989][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3633 (9.2280)
Epoch:[1989][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4359 (9.2696)
Epoch:[1989][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9554 (9.2172)
Epoch:[1989][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0358 (9.1913)
Epoch:[1989][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0746 (9.1767)
Epoch:[1989][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1320 (9.1717)
Epoch:[1989][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0932 (9.1639)
Epoch:[1989][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1747 (9.1649)
Epoch:[1989][11/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2485 (9.1718)
Epoch:[1989][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0586 (9.1631)
Epoch:[1989][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2878 (9.1720)
Epoch:[1989][14/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4920 (9.1934)
Epoch:[1989][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2231 (9.1952)
Epoch:[1989][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1681 (9.1936)
Epoch:[1989][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3262 (9.2010)
epoch 1989 finished, takes 33.294872522354126 seconds
Epoch:[1990][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2060 (9.2060)
Epoch:[1990][ 1/18]	Time 1.52 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1825 (9.1942)
Epoch:[1990][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3285 (9.2390)
Epoch:[1990][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3116 (9.2571)
Epoch:[1990][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4623 (9.2982)
Epoch:[1990][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4771 (9.3280)
Epoch:[1990][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2920 (9.3228)
Epoch:[1990][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8660 (9.2657)
Epoch:[1990][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9562 (9.2313)
Epoch:[1990][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7586 (9.1841)
Epoch:[1990][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5623 (9.2185)
Epoch:[1990][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3262 (9.2274)
Epoch:[1990][12/18]	Time 1.52 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1623 (9.2224)
Epoch:[1990][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1265 (9.2156)
Epoch:[1990][14/18]	Time 2.13 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9546 (9.1982)
Epoch:[1990][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0383 (9.1882)
Epoch:[1990][16/18]	Time 1.60 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8542 (9.1685)
Epoch:[1990][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4060 (9.1817)
epoch 1990 finished, takes 33.07903051376343 seconds
Epoch:[1991][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7693 (9.7693)
Epoch:[1991][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1799 (9.4746)
Epoch:[1991][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4729 (9.4740)
Epoch:[1991][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6033 (9.5063)
Epoch:[1991][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2129 (9.4476)
Epoch:[1991][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5895 (9.3046)
Epoch:[1991][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1743 (9.2860)
Epoch:[1991][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0089 (9.2514)
Epoch:[1991][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1141 (9.2361)
Epoch:[1991][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0742 (9.2199)
Epoch:[1991][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3914 (9.2355)
Epoch:[1991][11/18]	Time 2.24 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2495 (9.2367)
Epoch:[1991][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4760 (9.2551)
Epoch:[1991][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9713 (9.2348)
Epoch:[1991][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6862 (9.2649)
Epoch:[1991][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3840 (9.2723)
Epoch:[1991][16/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0705 (9.2605)
Epoch:[1991][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7658 (9.2885)
epoch 1991 finished, takes 34.02155303955078 seconds
Epoch:[1992][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2272 (9.2272)
Epoch:[1992][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9645 (9.0959)
Epoch:[1992][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6679 (9.2865)
Epoch:[1992][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2884 (9.2870)
Epoch:[1992][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4003 (9.3097)
Epoch:[1992][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0831 (9.2719)
Epoch:[1992][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5779 (9.3156)
Epoch:[1992][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4923 (9.3377)
Epoch:[1992][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9974 (9.2999)
Epoch:[1992][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0597 (9.2759)
Epoch:[1992][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4867 (9.2950)
Epoch:[1992][11/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0082 (9.2711)
Epoch:[1992][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1975 (9.2655)
Epoch:[1992][13/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3779 (9.2735)
Epoch:[1992][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1411 (9.2647)
Epoch:[1992][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4361 (9.2754)
Epoch:[1992][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2045 (9.2712)
Epoch:[1992][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1376 (9.2638)
epoch 1992 finished, takes 33.64661741256714 seconds
Epoch:[1993][ 0/18]	Time 2.16 (2.16)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5871 (9.5871)
Epoch:[1993][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4916 (9.5394)
Epoch:[1993][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4485 (9.5091)
Epoch:[1993][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4838 (9.5028)
Epoch:[1993][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4383 (9.4899)
Epoch:[1993][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0522 (9.4169)
Epoch:[1993][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2065 (9.3869)
Epoch:[1993][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3910 (9.3874)
Epoch:[1993][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2718 (9.3745)
Epoch:[1993][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0875 (9.3458)
Epoch:[1993][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2202 (9.3344)
Epoch:[1993][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2277 (9.3255)
Epoch:[1993][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1674 (9.3134)
Epoch:[1993][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6075 (9.3344)
Epoch:[1993][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5410 (9.3481)
Epoch:[1993][15/18]	Time 2.39 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2015 (9.3390)
Epoch:[1993][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1717 (9.3291)
Epoch:[1993][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2636 (9.3255)
epoch 1993 finished, takes 34.20662760734558 seconds
Epoch:[1994][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4516 (9.4516)
Epoch:[1994][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4158 (9.4337)
Epoch:[1994][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3006 (9.3893)
Epoch:[1994][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1543 (9.3306)
Epoch:[1994][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3711 (9.3387)
Epoch:[1994][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5051 (9.3664)
Epoch:[1994][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3090 (9.3582)
Epoch:[1994][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1744 (9.3352)
Epoch:[1994][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2564 (9.3265)
Epoch:[1994][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1148 (9.3053)
Epoch:[1994][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6134 (9.2424)
Epoch:[1994][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2220 (9.2407)
Epoch:[1994][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7440 (9.2794)
Epoch:[1994][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5781 (9.3008)
Epoch:[1994][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2754 (9.2991)
Epoch:[1994][15/18]	Time 1.60 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3563 (9.3026)
Epoch:[1994][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2222 (9.2979)
Epoch:[1994][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3942 (9.3033)
epoch 1994 finished, takes 33.733439922332764 seconds
Epoch:[1995][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4471 (9.4471)
Epoch:[1995][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7479 (9.5975)
Epoch:[1995][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7854 (9.3268)
Epoch:[1995][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8536 (9.2085)
Epoch:[1995][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2421 (9.2152)
Epoch:[1995][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5179 (9.2657)
Epoch:[1995][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2280 (9.4032)
Epoch:[1995][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5186 (9.4176)
Epoch:[1995][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4739 (9.4238)
Epoch:[1995][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8348 (9.3649)
Epoch:[1995][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3491 (9.3635)
Epoch:[1995][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0676 (9.3388)
Epoch:[1995][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1444 (9.3239)
Epoch:[1995][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4891 (9.3357)
Epoch:[1995][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3030 (9.3335)
Epoch:[1995][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7460 (9.3593)
Epoch:[1995][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9704 (9.3364)
Epoch:[1995][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6083 (9.3515)
epoch 1995 finished, takes 33.518714427948 seconds
Epoch:[1996][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3091 (9.3091)
Epoch:[1996][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1987 (9.2539)
Epoch:[1996][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1380 (9.2153)
Epoch:[1996][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4893 (9.2838)
Epoch:[1996][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5102 (9.3291)
Epoch:[1996][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1284 (9.2956)
Epoch:[1996][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2040 (9.2825)
Epoch:[1996][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2295 (9.2759)
Epoch:[1996][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3173 (9.2805)
Epoch:[1996][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0728 (9.2597)
Epoch:[1996][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0746 (9.2429)
Epoch:[1996][11/18]	Time 2.19 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2928 (9.2470)
Epoch:[1996][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2958 (9.2508)
Epoch:[1996][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3717 (9.2594)
Epoch:[1996][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0858 (9.2479)
Epoch:[1996][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1525 (9.2419)
Epoch:[1996][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4546 (9.2544)
Epoch:[1996][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7338 (9.2255)
epoch 1996 finished, takes 33.72612738609314 seconds
Epoch:[1997][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2630 (9.2630)
Epoch:[1997][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6202 (9.4416)
Epoch:[1997][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1698 (9.3510)
Epoch:[1997][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1290 (9.2955)
Epoch:[1997][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3413 (9.3047)
Epoch:[1997][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1937 (9.2862)
Epoch:[1997][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9510 (9.2383)
Epoch:[1997][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2693 (9.2422)
Epoch:[1997][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7598 (9.2997)
Epoch:[1997][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1426 (9.2840)
Epoch:[1997][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2588 (9.2817)
Epoch:[1997][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2255 (9.2770)
Epoch:[1997][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7074 (9.3101)
Epoch:[1997][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9341 (9.2832)
Epoch:[1997][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7235 (9.3126)
Epoch:[1997][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9118 (9.3500)
Epoch:[1997][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2504 (9.3442)
Epoch:[1997][17/18]	Time 2.28 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5692 (9.3567)
epoch 1997 finished, takes 34.312511682510376 seconds
Epoch:[1998][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1810 (9.1810)
Epoch:[1998][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9534 (9.0672)
Epoch:[1998][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0086 (9.0477)
Epoch:[1998][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8507 (9.2484)
Epoch:[1998][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2970 (9.2582)
Epoch:[1998][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1870 (9.2463)
Epoch:[1998][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3883 (9.2666)
Epoch:[1998][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9302 (9.2245)
Epoch:[1998][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1001 (9.2107)
Epoch:[1998][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5573 (9.2454)
Epoch:[1998][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2128 (9.2424)
Epoch:[1998][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8874 (9.2962)
Epoch:[1998][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5567 (9.3162)
Epoch:[1998][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5912 (9.3358)
Epoch:[1998][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5195 (9.3481)
Epoch:[1998][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1031 (9.3328)
Epoch:[1998][16/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9515 (9.3103)
Epoch:[1998][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6151 (9.3273)
epoch 1998 finished, takes 34.357585191726685 seconds
Epoch:[1999][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3777 (9.3777)
Epoch:[1999][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1108 (9.2443)
Epoch:[1999][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7279 (9.4055)
Epoch:[1999][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3105 (9.3817)
Epoch:[1999][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1995 (9.3453)
Epoch:[1999][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1231 (9.3083)
Epoch:[1999][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4424 (9.3274)
Epoch:[1999][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0152 (9.2884)
Epoch:[1999][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2750 (9.2869)
Epoch:[1999][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4543 (9.3036)
Epoch:[1999][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3659 (9.3093)
Epoch:[1999][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9878 (9.2825)
Epoch:[1999][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3649 (9.2888)
Epoch:[1999][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3816 (9.2955)
Epoch:[1999][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2789 (9.2944)
Epoch:[1999][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1705 (9.2866)
Epoch:[1999][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5206 (9.3004)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5578836112618959  precision:  0.6029029633167957  f1:  0.501381266536047 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.73855835 0.74843014 0.19328011 0.12032131]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7441672472976105  precision:  0.7652709234038972  f1:  0.7463797078963137 perclass recall:  [0.95719844 0.61041667 0.796875   0.75283447 0.68101266 0.6977887
 0.75529865 0.70191339]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7024062258270335  precision:  0.7048352163133083  f1:  0.6893213308691412 perclass recall:  [0.43296089 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.42938931 0.9030303  0.51674938]
Epoch:[1999][17/18]	Time 12.22 (2.43)	Data 10.37 (0.58)	Loss 9.7270 (9.3241)
epoch 1999 finished, takes 43.68530035018921 seconds
Epoch:[2000][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8952 (8.8952)
Epoch:[2000][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7840 (9.3396)
Epoch:[2000][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2971 (9.3255)
Epoch:[2000][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6878 (9.4160)
Epoch:[2000][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1969 (9.3722)
Epoch:[2000][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3832 (9.3740)
Epoch:[2000][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3057 (9.3643)
Epoch:[2000][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4670 (9.3771)
Epoch:[2000][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5037 (9.3912)
Epoch:[2000][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7955 (9.3316)
Epoch:[2000][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7019 (9.3653)
Epoch:[2000][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4075 (9.3688)
Epoch:[2000][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5389 (9.3819)
Epoch:[2000][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2743 (9.3742)
Epoch:[2000][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1426 (9.3587)
Epoch:[2000][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2976 (9.3549)
Epoch:[2000][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7174 (9.3174)
Epoch:[2000][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7360 (9.2851)
epoch 2000 finished, takes 33.48729395866394 seconds
Epoch:[2001][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2714 (9.2714)
Epoch:[2001][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0130 (9.1422)
Epoch:[2001][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7321 (9.3389)
Epoch:[2001][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0697 (9.2716)
Epoch:[2001][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2439 (9.2660)
Epoch:[2001][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8834 (9.2023)
Epoch:[2001][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0770 (9.1844)
Epoch:[2001][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1213 (9.1765)
Epoch:[2001][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1499 (9.1735)
Epoch:[2001][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6479 (9.2210)
Epoch:[2001][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7147 (9.2658)
Epoch:[2001][11/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2278 (9.2627)
Epoch:[2001][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7911 (9.3033)
Epoch:[2001][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9983 (9.3530)
Epoch:[2001][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3593 (9.3534)
Epoch:[2001][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1811 (9.3426)
Epoch:[2001][16/18]	Time 2.16 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3339 (9.3421)
Epoch:[2001][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1862 (9.3334)
epoch 2001 finished, takes 33.535215854644775 seconds
Epoch:[2002][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1940 (9.1940)
Epoch:[2002][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1941 (9.1941)
Epoch:[2002][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4369 (9.2750)
Epoch:[2002][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9282 (9.4383)
Epoch:[2002][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5046 (9.4516)
Epoch:[2002][ 5/18]	Time 1.59 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0906 (9.3914)
Epoch:[2002][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0228 (9.3387)
Epoch:[2002][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5213 (9.3616)
Epoch:[2002][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4057 (9.3665)
Epoch:[2002][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1893 (9.3487)
Epoch:[2002][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2681 (9.3414)
Epoch:[2002][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5710 (9.2772)
Epoch:[2002][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1228 (9.2653)
Epoch:[2002][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4165 (9.2761)
Epoch:[2002][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8247 (9.3127)
Epoch:[2002][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8002 (9.3432)
Epoch:[2002][16/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2110 (9.3354)
Epoch:[2002][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9936 (9.3164)
epoch 2002 finished, takes 33.65172004699707 seconds
Epoch:[2003][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8811 (8.8811)
Epoch:[2003][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4726 (9.1769)
Epoch:[2003][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1746 (9.1761)
Epoch:[2003][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4787 (9.2518)
Epoch:[2003][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4446 (9.2903)
Epoch:[2003][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3983 (9.3083)
Epoch:[2003][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4609 (9.3301)
Epoch:[2003][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2088 (9.3149)
Epoch:[2003][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7318 (9.3613)
Epoch:[2003][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3502 (9.3601)
Epoch:[2003][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1554 (9.3415)
Epoch:[2003][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2874 (9.3370)
Epoch:[2003][12/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1664 (9.3239)
Epoch:[2003][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1059 (9.3083)
Epoch:[2003][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9564 (9.2849)
Epoch:[2003][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5035 (9.2985)
Epoch:[2003][16/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3067 (9.2990)
Epoch:[2003][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9125 (9.2775)
epoch 2003 finished, takes 33.1074857711792 seconds
Epoch:[2004][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2910 (9.2910)
Epoch:[2004][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6759 (9.4835)
Epoch:[2004][ 2/18]	Time 2.27 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5214 (9.4961)
Epoch:[2004][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6713 (9.5399)
Epoch:[2004][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4808 (9.5281)
Epoch:[2004][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3155 (9.4926)
Epoch:[2004][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2461 (9.4574)
Epoch:[2004][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2150 (9.4271)
Epoch:[2004][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2717 (9.4098)
Epoch:[2004][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4101 (9.4099)
Epoch:[2004][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2467 (9.3950)
Epoch:[2004][11/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2823 (9.3856)
Epoch:[2004][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0487 (9.3597)
Epoch:[2004][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5519 (9.3734)
Epoch:[2004][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4119 (9.3760)
Epoch:[2004][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2741 (9.3696)
Epoch:[2004][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8597 (9.3985)
Epoch:[2004][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0690 (9.3802)
epoch 2004 finished, takes 33.66651797294617 seconds
Epoch:[2005][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3289 (9.3289)
Epoch:[2005][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5391 (9.4340)
Epoch:[2005][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3473 (9.4051)
Epoch:[2005][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2697 (9.3712)
Epoch:[2005][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1251 (9.3220)
Epoch:[2005][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5333 (9.3572)
Epoch:[2005][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1909 (9.3335)
Epoch:[2005][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1347 (9.3086)
Epoch:[2005][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8711 (9.2600)
Epoch:[2005][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6751 (9.2015)
Epoch:[2005][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6116 (9.2388)
Epoch:[2005][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8626 (9.2074)
Epoch:[2005][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1995 (9.2068)
Epoch:[2005][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6260 (9.2368)
Epoch:[2005][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1706 (9.2324)
Epoch:[2005][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1326 (9.2261)
Epoch:[2005][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1787 (9.2233)
Epoch:[2005][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1988 (9.2220)
epoch 2005 finished, takes 33.29230737686157 seconds
Epoch:[2006][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4049 (9.4049)
Epoch:[2006][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1716 (9.2883)
Epoch:[2006][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1587 (9.2451)
Epoch:[2006][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2385 (9.2434)
Epoch:[2006][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7425 (9.3432)
Epoch:[2006][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7322 (9.2414)
Epoch:[2006][ 6/18]	Time 2.22 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6295 (9.2968)
Epoch:[2006][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3742 (9.3065)
Epoch:[2006][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0317 (9.2760)
Epoch:[2006][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6338 (9.3118)
Epoch:[2006][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4026 (9.3200)
Epoch:[2006][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3257 (9.3205)
Epoch:[2006][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2197 (9.3127)
Epoch:[2006][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0391 (9.2932)
Epoch:[2006][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3263 (9.2954)
Epoch:[2006][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1842 (9.2884)
Epoch:[2006][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0768 (9.2760)
Epoch:[2006][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1865 (9.2710)
epoch 2006 finished, takes 33.717714071273804 seconds
Epoch:[2007][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0350 (9.0350)
Epoch:[2007][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6779 (8.8564)
Epoch:[2007][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8827 (9.1985)
Epoch:[2007][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4158 (9.2528)
Epoch:[2007][ 4/18]	Time 1.62 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8086 (9.1640)
Epoch:[2007][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1050 (9.1542)
Epoch:[2007][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2414 (9.1666)
Epoch:[2007][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2028 (9.1711)
Epoch:[2007][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9322 (9.1446)
Epoch:[2007][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9332 (9.1234)
Epoch:[2007][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7301 (9.1786)
Epoch:[2007][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2211 (9.1821)
Epoch:[2007][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3906 (9.1982)
Epoch:[2007][13/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5914 (9.2263)
Epoch:[2007][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5948 (9.2508)
Epoch:[2007][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5655 (9.2705)
Epoch:[2007][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2530 (9.2695)
Epoch:[2007][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3607 (9.2745)
epoch 2007 finished, takes 33.98287391662598 seconds
Epoch:[2008][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8967 (8.8967)
Epoch:[2008][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8421 (8.8694)
Epoch:[2008][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6026 (8.7804)
Epoch:[2008][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1347 (8.8690)
Epoch:[2008][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5057 (8.9963)
Epoch:[2008][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4977 (9.0799)
Epoch:[2008][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.01 (0.00)	Loss 9.4566 (9.1337)
Epoch:[2008][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4419 (9.1722)
Epoch:[2008][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4920 (9.2078)
Epoch:[2008][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8957 (9.2766)
Epoch:[2008][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0035 (9.2517)
Epoch:[2008][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9299 (9.3082)
Epoch:[2008][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0948 (9.2918)
Epoch:[2008][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9538 (9.2677)
Epoch:[2008][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0027 (9.2500)
Epoch:[2008][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3646 (9.2572)
Epoch:[2008][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5657 (9.2753)
Epoch:[2008][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2346 (9.2731)
epoch 2008 finished, takes 33.11645483970642 seconds
Epoch:[2009][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5537 (9.5537)
Epoch:[2009][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3339 (9.4438)
Epoch:[2009][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1711 (9.3529)
Epoch:[2009][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0985 (9.2893)
Epoch:[2009][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5538 (9.3422)
Epoch:[2009][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1310 (9.3070)
Epoch:[2009][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6104 (9.2075)
Epoch:[2009][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9619 (9.1768)
Epoch:[2009][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3951 (9.2010)
Epoch:[2009][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2698 (9.2079)
Epoch:[2009][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4784 (9.2325)
Epoch:[2009][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4058 (9.2470)
Epoch:[2009][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1589 (9.2402)
Epoch:[2009][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1692 (9.2351)
Epoch:[2009][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3978 (9.2460)
Epoch:[2009][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3175 (9.2504)
Epoch:[2009][16/18]	Time 2.20 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8166 (9.2837)
Epoch:[2009][17/18]	Time 2.29 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9864 (9.3228)
epoch 2009 finished, takes 34.93856596946716 seconds
Epoch:[2010][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4679 (9.4679)
Epoch:[2010][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0703 (9.2691)
Epoch:[2010][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9798 (9.1727)
Epoch:[2010][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9306 (9.1122)
Epoch:[2010][ 4/18]	Time 2.12 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5960 (9.2089)
Epoch:[2010][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1577 (9.2004)
Epoch:[2010][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2893 (9.2131)
Epoch:[2010][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9817 (9.1842)
Epoch:[2010][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9441 (9.1575)
Epoch:[2010][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4484 (9.1866)
Epoch:[2010][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1984 (9.1877)
Epoch:[2010][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4072 (9.2060)
Epoch:[2010][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6047 (9.2366)
Epoch:[2010][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3924 (9.2478)
Epoch:[2010][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1774 (9.2431)
Epoch:[2010][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3898 (9.2522)
Epoch:[2010][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4571 (9.2643)
Epoch:[2010][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5395 (9.2796)
epoch 2010 finished, takes 32.90940260887146 seconds
Epoch:[2011][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0338 (9.0338)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5577542913523565  precision:  0.6026841736298056  f1:  0.5012653889534329 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.73841533 0.74843014 0.19294744 0.1201504 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7439360423638681  precision:  0.764547574679773  f1:  0.7459164836580479 perclass recall:  [0.95590143 0.61458333 0.79910714 0.74829932 0.6835443  0.6977887
 0.75337187 0.69889225]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7045407465900344  precision:  0.7065182557580499  f1:  0.6917967112847124 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.43129771 0.90151515 0.51799007]
Epoch:[2011][ 1/18]	Time 12.35 (7.06)	Data 10.39 (5.20)	Loss 9.3185 (9.1762)
Epoch:[2011][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (5.24)	Data 0.00 (3.46)	Loss 8.7690 (9.0404)
Epoch:[2011][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (4.35)	Data 0.00 (2.60)	Loss 8.9236 (9.0112)
Epoch:[2011][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (3.83)	Data 0.00 (2.08)	Loss 9.2975 (9.0685)
Epoch:[2011][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (3.50)	Data 0.00 (1.73)	Loss 9.0935 (9.0727)
Epoch:[2011][ 6/18]	Time 2.20 (3.31)	Data 0.00 (1.49)	Loss 9.5795 (9.1451)
Epoch:[2011][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (3.14)	Data 0.00 (1.30)	Loss 9.2963 (9.1640)
Epoch:[2011][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (2.98)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 8.7897 (9.1224)
Epoch:[2011][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (2.87)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 8.9493 (9.1051)
Epoch:[2011][10/18]	Time 1.69 (2.77)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 9.0683 (9.1017)
Epoch:[2011][11/18]	Time 1.85 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 9.5535 (9.1394)
Epoch:[2011][12/18]	Time 1.84 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.6354 (9.1775)
Epoch:[2011][13/18]	Time 1.80 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 8.9116 (9.1585)
Epoch:[2011][14/18]	Time 1.77 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.3263 (9.1697)
Epoch:[2011][15/18]	Time 1.71 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.0307 (9.1610)
Epoch:[2011][16/18]	Time 2.15 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.2072 (9.1638)
Epoch:[2011][17/18]	Time 1.83 (2.41)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.0801 (9.1591)
epoch 2011 finished, takes 43.37890124320984 seconds
Epoch:[2012][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7825 (9.7825)
Epoch:[2012][ 1/18]	Time 1.53 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0865 (9.4345)
Epoch:[2012][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9052 (9.2581)
Epoch:[2012][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2363 (9.2526)
Epoch:[2012][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3458 (9.2713)
Epoch:[2012][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5435 (9.3166)
Epoch:[2012][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9862 (9.2694)
Epoch:[2012][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4450 (9.2914)
Epoch:[2012][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5831 (9.3238)
Epoch:[2012][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9064 (9.2821)
Epoch:[2012][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5602 (9.3073)
Epoch:[2012][11/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4810 (9.3218)
Epoch:[2012][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5729 (9.3411)
Epoch:[2012][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0392 (9.3196)
Epoch:[2012][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3543 (9.3219)
Epoch:[2012][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4167 (9.3278)
Epoch:[2012][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3188 (9.3273)
Epoch:[2012][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2871 (9.3250)
epoch 2012 finished, takes 33.82159686088562 seconds
Epoch:[2013][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9536 (8.9536)
Epoch:[2013][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2481 (9.1008)
Epoch:[2013][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6205 (9.2741)
Epoch:[2013][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0657 (9.2220)
Epoch:[2013][ 4/18]	Time 1.57 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1440 (9.2064)
Epoch:[2013][ 5/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8075 (9.3066)
Epoch:[2013][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5642 (9.3434)
Epoch:[2013][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9134 (9.2896)
Epoch:[2013][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3135 (9.2923)
Epoch:[2013][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0412 (9.2672)
Epoch:[2013][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0577 (9.2481)
Epoch:[2013][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4627 (9.2660)
Epoch:[2013][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3729 (9.2742)
Epoch:[2013][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4075 (9.2838)
Epoch:[2013][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1646 (9.2758)
Epoch:[2013][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4308 (9.2855)
Epoch:[2013][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0535 (9.2719)
Epoch:[2013][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9055 (9.2515)
epoch 2013 finished, takes 33.34259533882141 seconds
Epoch:[2014][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5537 (9.5537)
Epoch:[2014][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1607 (9.3572)
Epoch:[2014][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3847 (9.3664)
Epoch:[2014][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3138 (9.3532)
Epoch:[2014][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9725 (9.2771)
Epoch:[2014][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7325 (9.3530)
Epoch:[2014][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4770 (9.3707)
Epoch:[2014][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1946 (9.3487)
Epoch:[2014][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6259 (9.3795)
Epoch:[2014][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0756 (9.3491)
Epoch:[2014][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6186 (9.3736)
Epoch:[2014][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3503 (9.3717)
Epoch:[2014][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2897 (9.3654)
Epoch:[2014][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4568 (9.3719)
Epoch:[2014][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2348 (9.3627)
Epoch:[2014][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4333 (9.3672)
Epoch:[2014][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4660 (9.3730)
Epoch:[2014][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3469 (9.3715)
epoch 2014 finished, takes 33.9683051109314 seconds
Epoch:[2015][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0478 (9.0478)
Epoch:[2015][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0215 (9.0346)
Epoch:[2015][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4375 (9.1689)
Epoch:[2015][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3418 (9.2122)
Epoch:[2015][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2074 (9.2112)
Epoch:[2015][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5904 (9.2744)
Epoch:[2015][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4023 (9.2927)
Epoch:[2015][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9114 (9.2450)
Epoch:[2015][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9947 (9.2172)
Epoch:[2015][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3509 (9.2306)
Epoch:[2015][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0325 (9.2126)
Epoch:[2015][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1941 (9.2110)
Epoch:[2015][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9968 (9.1946)
Epoch:[2015][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1629 (9.1923)
Epoch:[2015][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2443 (9.1958)
Epoch:[2015][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7776 (9.1696)
Epoch:[2015][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3649 (9.1811)
Epoch:[2015][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1952 (9.1819)
epoch 2015 finished, takes 34.063570499420166 seconds
Epoch:[2016][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2904 (9.2904)
Epoch:[2016][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4137 (9.3521)
Epoch:[2016][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3640 (9.3560)
Epoch:[2016][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5209 (9.3972)
Epoch:[2016][ 4/18]	Time 1.64 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3653 (9.3909)
Epoch:[2016][ 5/18]	Time 1.54 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1442 (9.3498)
Epoch:[2016][ 6/18]	Time 2.15 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2757 (9.3392)
Epoch:[2016][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3522 (9.3408)
Epoch:[2016][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0846 (9.3123)
Epoch:[2016][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1633 (9.2974)
Epoch:[2016][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2323 (9.2915)
Epoch:[2016][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3845 (9.2993)
Epoch:[2016][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4219 (9.3087)
Epoch:[2016][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4765 (9.3207)
Epoch:[2016][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9904 (9.2987)
Epoch:[2016][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5697 (9.3156)
Epoch:[2016][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1412 (9.3054)
Epoch:[2016][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1346 (9.2959)
epoch 2016 finished, takes 33.17902088165283 seconds
Epoch:[2017][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4225 (9.4225)
Epoch:[2017][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5870 (9.5048)
Epoch:[2017][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2729 (9.4275)
Epoch:[2017][ 3/18]	Time 2.32 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5170 (9.4499)
Epoch:[2017][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5708 (9.4741)
Epoch:[2017][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1162 (9.4144)
Epoch:[2017][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3046 (9.3987)
Epoch:[2017][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2613 (9.3816)
Epoch:[2017][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8142 (9.3185)
Epoch:[2017][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2076 (9.3074)
Epoch:[2017][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7525 (9.3479)
Epoch:[2017][11/18]	Time 1.56 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3317 (9.3465)
Epoch:[2017][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1750 (9.3333)
Epoch:[2017][13/18]	Time 2.38 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5031 (9.3455)
Epoch:[2017][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3446 (9.3454)
Epoch:[2017][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5807 (9.2976)
Epoch:[2017][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0851 (9.2851)
Epoch:[2017][17/18]	Time 1.60 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9751 (9.2679)
epoch 2017 finished, takes 34.0005521774292 seconds
Epoch:[2018][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7594 (8.7594)
Epoch:[2018][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4201 (9.0897)
Epoch:[2018][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0960 (9.0918)
Epoch:[2018][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1263 (9.1004)
Epoch:[2018][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8297 (9.0463)
Epoch:[2018][ 5/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3461 (9.0963)
Epoch:[2018][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1109 (9.0983)
Epoch:[2018][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6225 (9.1639)
Epoch:[2018][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0894 (9.1556)
Epoch:[2018][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5760 (9.1976)
Epoch:[2018][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7573 (9.2485)
Epoch:[2018][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4166 (9.2625)
Epoch:[2018][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0441 (9.3226)
Epoch:[2018][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1702 (9.3118)
Epoch:[2018][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1245 (9.2993)
Epoch:[2018][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2457 (9.2959)
Epoch:[2018][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7775 (9.2654)
Epoch:[2018][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0554 (9.2538)
epoch 2018 finished, takes 33.84320521354675 seconds
Epoch:[2019][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5702 (9.5702)
Epoch:[2019][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1752 (9.3727)
Epoch:[2019][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9754 (9.2403)
Epoch:[2019][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5349 (9.3139)
Epoch:[2019][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2594 (9.3030)
Epoch:[2019][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3886 (9.3173)
Epoch:[2019][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7597 (9.3805)
Epoch:[2019][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7003 (9.2955)
Epoch:[2019][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4297 (9.3104)
Epoch:[2019][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8915 (9.3685)
Epoch:[2019][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7776 (9.3148)
Epoch:[2019][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3896 (9.3210)
Epoch:[2019][12/18]	Time 2.20 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9247 (9.2905)
Epoch:[2019][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4217 (9.2999)
Epoch:[2019][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9284 (9.2751)
Epoch:[2019][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6724 (9.3000)
Epoch:[2019][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0245 (9.2837)
Epoch:[2019][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0248 (9.2694)
epoch 2019 finished, takes 33.70395803451538 seconds
Epoch:[2020][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4608 (9.4608)
Epoch:[2020][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0581 (9.2594)
Epoch:[2020][ 2/18]	Time 1.58 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9100 (9.4763)
Epoch:[2020][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0126 (9.3604)
Epoch:[2020][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3341 (9.3551)
Epoch:[2020][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4436 (9.3699)
Epoch:[2020][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1937 (9.3447)
Epoch:[2020][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4801 (9.3616)
Epoch:[2020][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0517 (9.3272)
Epoch:[2020][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0725 (9.3017)
Epoch:[2020][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9625 (9.2709)
Epoch:[2020][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9281 (9.2423)
Epoch:[2020][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2034 (9.2393)
Epoch:[2020][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6775 (9.2706)
Epoch:[2020][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4796 (9.2845)
Epoch:[2020][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.01 (0.00)	Loss 9.4655 (9.2959)
Epoch:[2020][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2947 (9.2958)
Epoch:[2020][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5809 (9.3116)
epoch 2020 finished, takes 33.803959131240845 seconds
Epoch:[2021][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5737 (9.5737)
Epoch:[2021][ 1/18]	Time 2.21 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3987 (9.4862)
Epoch:[2021][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3070 (9.4265)
Epoch:[2021][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6729 (9.4881)
Epoch:[2021][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8450 (9.3595)
Epoch:[2021][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1942 (9.3319)
Epoch:[2021][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1814 (9.3104)
Epoch:[2021][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9737 (9.2683)
Epoch:[2021][ 8/18]	Time 1.46 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2085 (9.2617)
Epoch:[2021][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5962 (9.2951)
Epoch:[2021][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7485 (9.3364)
Epoch:[2021][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4253 (9.3438)
Epoch:[2021][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4897 (9.3550)
Epoch:[2021][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8204 (9.3168)
Epoch:[2021][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1150 (9.3034)
Epoch:[2021][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3382 (9.3055)
Epoch:[2021][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7960 (9.3344)
Epoch:[2021][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3934 (9.3377)
epoch 2021 finished, takes 33.90624761581421 seconds
Epoch:[2022][ 0/18]	Time 1.52 (1.52)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4111 (9.4111)
Epoch:[2022][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1261 (9.2686)
Epoch:[2022][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9635 (9.1669)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5572040981848532  precision:  0.6035428232138154  f1:  0.5011361088081252 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.73913043 0.74607535 0.1922821  0.11946676]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7425368243004726  precision:  0.7630566757231265  f1:  0.7446027136563871 perclass recall:  [0.95719844 0.61041667 0.80133929 0.75056689 0.67848101 0.69287469
 0.7495183  0.6998993 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7048011643030492  precision:  0.7064541870904644  f1:  0.6918720485014443 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.43320611 0.9030303  0.51612903]
Epoch:[2022][ 3/18]	Time 12.67 (4.45)	Data 10.45 (2.61)	Loss 9.5852 (9.2715)
Epoch:[2022][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (3.89)	Data 0.00 (2.09)	Loss 9.3243 (9.2821)
Epoch:[2022][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (3.56)	Data 0.00 (1.74)	Loss 9.2446 (9.2758)
Epoch:[2022][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (3.29)	Data 0.00 (1.49)	Loss 9.1778 (9.2618)
Epoch:[2022][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (3.11)	Data 0.00 (1.31)	Loss 9.4410 (9.2842)
Epoch:[2022][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (2.98)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 9.3978 (9.2968)
Epoch:[2022][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (2.86)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 9.1681 (9.2840)
Epoch:[2022][10/18]	Time 1.94 (2.78)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 9.1092 (9.2681)
Epoch:[2022][11/18]	Time 1.92 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 9.6247 (9.2978)
Epoch:[2022][12/18]	Time 1.83 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 9.2515 (9.2942)
Epoch:[2022][13/18]	Time 1.94 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.3460 (9.2979)
Epoch:[2022][14/18]	Time 1.76 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.4691 (9.3093)
Epoch:[2022][15/18]	Time 1.81 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.4954 (9.3210)
Epoch:[2022][16/18]	Time 1.98 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.2836 (9.3188)
Epoch:[2022][17/18]	Time 1.93 (2.43)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.5079 (9.3293)
epoch 2022 finished, takes 43.72811436653137 seconds
Epoch:[2023][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2550 (9.2550)
Epoch:[2023][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3449 (9.3000)
Epoch:[2023][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8990 (9.1663)
Epoch:[2023][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2868 (9.1964)
Epoch:[2023][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9031 (9.1378)
Epoch:[2023][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0135 (9.1171)
Epoch:[2023][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1097 (9.1160)
Epoch:[2023][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4428 (9.1569)
Epoch:[2023][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6301 (9.2094)
Epoch:[2023][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3099 (9.2195)
Epoch:[2023][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7020 (9.2633)
Epoch:[2023][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3000 (9.2664)
Epoch:[2023][12/18]	Time 1.58 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2790 (9.2674)
Epoch:[2023][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4166 (9.2780)
Epoch:[2023][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0449 (9.2625)
Epoch:[2023][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5112 (9.2780)
Epoch:[2023][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4414 (9.2876)
Epoch:[2023][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0463 (9.2742)
epoch 2023 finished, takes 34.05133056640625 seconds
Epoch:[2024][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2962 (9.2962)
Epoch:[2024][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4690 (9.3826)
Epoch:[2024][ 2/18]	Time 2.28 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8681 (9.2111)
Epoch:[2024][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7696 (9.3507)
Epoch:[2024][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0010 (9.2808)
Epoch:[2024][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8489 (9.2088)
Epoch:[2024][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1290 (9.1974)
Epoch:[2024][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9411 (9.1654)
Epoch:[2024][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4631 (9.1984)
Epoch:[2024][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1742 (9.1960)
Epoch:[2024][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5451 (9.2278)
Epoch:[2024][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3028 (9.2340)
Epoch:[2024][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3546 (9.2433)
Epoch:[2024][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1366 (9.2357)
Epoch:[2024][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3597 (9.2439)
Epoch:[2024][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9990 (9.2286)
Epoch:[2024][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3286 (9.2345)
Epoch:[2024][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1693 (9.2309)
epoch 2024 finished, takes 34.47183704376221 seconds
Epoch:[2025][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9725 (8.9725)
Epoch:[2025][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9832 (8.9779)
Epoch:[2025][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0883 (9.0147)
Epoch:[2025][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2931 (9.0843)
Epoch:[2025][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6077 (9.1890)
Epoch:[2025][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9216 (9.1444)
Epoch:[2025][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2383 (9.1578)
Epoch:[2025][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3329 (9.1797)
Epoch:[2025][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1043 (9.1713)
Epoch:[2025][ 9/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4500 (9.1992)
Epoch:[2025][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1297 (9.1929)
Epoch:[2025][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0579 (9.1816)
Epoch:[2025][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9573 (9.2413)
Epoch:[2025][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5428 (9.2628)
Epoch:[2025][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2134 (9.2595)
Epoch:[2025][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2066 (9.2562)
Epoch:[2025][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6703 (9.2806)
Epoch:[2025][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9069 (9.2598)
epoch 2025 finished, takes 33.85881066322327 seconds
Epoch:[2026][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4832 (9.4832)
Epoch:[2026][ 1/18]	Time 2.18 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5605 (9.5218)
Epoch:[2026][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2280 (9.4239)
Epoch:[2026][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4080 (9.4199)
Epoch:[2026][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3111 (9.3982)
Epoch:[2026][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8747 (9.4776)
Epoch:[2026][ 6/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4946 (9.4800)
Epoch:[2026][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2873 (9.4559)
Epoch:[2026][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3574 (9.4450)
Epoch:[2026][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8160 (9.3821)
Epoch:[2026][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9254 (9.4315)
Epoch:[2026][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7988 (9.4621)
Epoch:[2026][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6798 (9.4788)
Epoch:[2026][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3371 (9.4687)
Epoch:[2026][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3402 (9.4601)
Epoch:[2026][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3006 (9.4502)
Epoch:[2026][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3307 (9.4431)
Epoch:[2026][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9138 (9.4137)
epoch 2026 finished, takes 33.63002371788025 seconds
Epoch:[2027][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4617 (9.4617)
Epoch:[2027][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9427 (9.2022)
Epoch:[2027][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1739 (9.1927)
Epoch:[2027][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8743 (9.1131)
Epoch:[2027][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4145 (9.1734)
Epoch:[2027][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4284 (9.2159)
Epoch:[2027][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5855 (9.2687)
Epoch:[2027][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9506 (9.2289)
Epoch:[2027][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8976 (9.3032)
Epoch:[2027][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5446 (9.3274)
Epoch:[2027][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6999 (9.3612)
Epoch:[2027][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5781 (9.2960)
Epoch:[2027][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3553 (9.3005)
Epoch:[2027][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9570 (9.2760)
Epoch:[2027][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0829 (9.2631)
Epoch:[2027][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1019 (9.2530)
Epoch:[2027][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7792 (9.2252)
Epoch:[2027][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0895 (9.2176)
epoch 2027 finished, takes 33.83931922912598 seconds
Epoch:[2028][ 0/18]	Time 2.17 (2.17)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3998 (9.3998)
Epoch:[2028][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4596 (9.4297)
Epoch:[2028][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2385 (9.3660)
Epoch:[2028][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2274 (9.3313)
Epoch:[2028][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0484 (9.2747)
Epoch:[2028][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7231 (9.3495)
Epoch:[2028][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9480 (9.2921)
Epoch:[2028][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4147 (9.3074)
Epoch:[2028][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0469 (9.2785)
Epoch:[2028][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6392 (9.3146)
Epoch:[2028][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1708 (9.3015)
Epoch:[2028][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8322 (9.3457)
Epoch:[2028][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2087 (9.3352)
Epoch:[2028][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2563 (9.3295)
Epoch:[2028][14/18]	Time 1.58 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5402 (9.3436)
Epoch:[2028][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1565 (9.3319)
Epoch:[2028][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9431 (9.3090)
Epoch:[2028][17/18]	Time 1.59 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8058 (9.2811)
epoch 2028 finished, takes 33.029555320739746 seconds
Epoch:[2029][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1690 (9.1690)
Epoch:[2029][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1965 (9.1827)
Epoch:[2029][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2789 (9.2148)
Epoch:[2029][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0083 (9.1632)
Epoch:[2029][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3479 (9.2001)
Epoch:[2029][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2048 (9.2009)
Epoch:[2029][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2660 (9.2102)
Epoch:[2029][ 7/18]	Time 2.29 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3932 (9.2331)
Epoch:[2029][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8022 (9.1852)
Epoch:[2029][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9460 (9.1613)
Epoch:[2029][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4651 (9.1889)
Epoch:[2029][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5286 (9.1339)
Epoch:[2029][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1143 (9.1324)
Epoch:[2029][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1832 (9.1360)
Epoch:[2029][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6320 (9.1691)
Epoch:[2029][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0378 (9.1609)
Epoch:[2029][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3936 (9.1746)
Epoch:[2029][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9096 (9.2154)
epoch 2029 finished, takes 33.23068451881409 seconds
Epoch:[2030][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9750 (8.9750)
Epoch:[2030][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3437 (9.1594)
Epoch:[2030][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5902 (9.3030)
Epoch:[2030][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2049 (9.2785)
Epoch:[2030][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5623 (9.3352)
Epoch:[2030][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8170 (9.2489)
Epoch:[2030][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4058 (9.2713)
Epoch:[2030][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4279 (9.2909)
Epoch:[2030][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3534 (9.2978)
Epoch:[2030][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1795 (9.2860)
Epoch:[2030][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0165 (9.2615)
Epoch:[2030][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0937 (9.2475)
Epoch:[2030][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3680 (9.3337)
Epoch:[2030][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3143 (9.3323)
Epoch:[2030][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5153 (9.2778)
Epoch:[2030][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8962 (9.2540)
Epoch:[2030][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9887 (9.2384)
Epoch:[2030][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4229 (9.2486)
epoch 2030 finished, takes 33.53106689453125 seconds
Epoch:[2031][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2584 (9.2584)
Epoch:[2031][ 1/18]	Time 2.16 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3786 (9.3185)
Epoch:[2031][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4102 (9.3491)
Epoch:[2031][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4318 (9.3698)
Epoch:[2031][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9669 (9.4892)
Epoch:[2031][ 5/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3360 (9.4636)
Epoch:[2031][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3644 (9.4495)
Epoch:[2031][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3011 (9.4309)
Epoch:[2031][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1922 (9.5155)
Epoch:[2031][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9527 (9.4592)
Epoch:[2031][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1838 (9.4342)
Epoch:[2031][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4681 (9.4370)
Epoch:[2031][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3471 (9.4301)
Epoch:[2031][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0237 (9.4011)
Epoch:[2031][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9923 (9.3738)
Epoch:[2031][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9489 (9.3473)
Epoch:[2031][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4404 (9.3527)
Epoch:[2031][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2732 (9.3483)
epoch 2031 finished, takes 33.713940143585205 seconds
Epoch:[2032][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6720 (9.6720)
Epoch:[2032][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2824 (9.4772)
Epoch:[2032][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0143 (9.3229)
Epoch:[2032][ 3/18]	Time 2.18 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6071 (9.1439)
Epoch:[2032][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0118 (9.1175)
Epoch:[2032][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6968 (9.2141)
Epoch:[2032][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0893 (9.1962)
Epoch:[2032][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7604 (9.2668)
Epoch:[2032][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9316 (9.2295)
Epoch:[2032][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9168 (9.1982)
Epoch:[2032][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9241 (9.1733)
Epoch:[2032][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4245 (9.1943)
Epoch:[2032][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4639 (9.2150)
Epoch:[2032][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0067 (9.2001)
Epoch:[2032][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4574 (9.2173)
Epoch:[2032][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6865 (9.2466)
Epoch:[2032][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3451 (9.2524)
Epoch:[2032][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5708 (9.2701)
epoch 2032 finished, takes 33.6706383228302 seconds
Epoch:[2033][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3590 (9.3590)
Epoch:[2033][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9338 (9.1464)
Epoch:[2033][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5309 (9.2746)
Epoch:[2033][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0442 (9.2170)
Epoch:[2033][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2856 (9.2307)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5578542572718624  precision:  0.6051939137447342  f1:  0.5019422228103769 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.74113272 0.74803768 0.19095143 0.12032131]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7430215752855547  precision:  0.7639583543197158  f1:  0.7449567288656049 perclass recall:  [0.95654994 0.6125     0.79910714 0.74603175 0.67848101 0.7002457
 0.75337187 0.6978852 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7057401554599982  precision:  0.705775668796279  f1:  0.6923206625266319 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.51426799]
Epoch:[2033][ 5/18]	Time 12.58 (3.60)	Data 10.56 (1.76)	Loss 9.1856 (9.2232)
Epoch:[2033][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (3.34)	Data 0.00 (1.51)	Loss 9.4643 (9.2576)
Epoch:[2033][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (3.18)	Data 0.00 (1.32)	Loss 9.0918 (9.2369)
Epoch:[2033][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (3.02)	Data 0.00 (1.17)	Loss 9.2356 (9.2368)
Epoch:[2033][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.06)	Loss 9.4007 (9.2532)
Epoch:[2033][10/18]	Time 2.10 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 9.8785 (9.3100)
Epoch:[2033][11/18]	Time 1.75 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.88)	Loss 9.3159 (9.3105)
Epoch:[2033][12/18]	Time 1.90 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 9.3024 (9.3099)
Epoch:[2033][13/18]	Time 1.89 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.0586 (9.2919)
Epoch:[2033][14/18]	Time 1.82 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 8.7717 (9.2573)
Epoch:[2033][15/18]	Time 1.80 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 8.9470 (9.2379)
Epoch:[2033][16/18]	Time 1.74 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 8.9800 (9.2227)
Epoch:[2033][17/18]	Time 1.66 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.4048 (9.2328)
epoch 2033 finished, takes 43.63912224769592 seconds
Epoch:[2034][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0623 (9.0623)
Epoch:[2034][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4287 (9.2455)
Epoch:[2034][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2967 (9.2626)
Epoch:[2034][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6207 (9.3521)
Epoch:[2034][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1769 (9.3171)
Epoch:[2034][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2038 (9.2982)
Epoch:[2034][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8569 (9.3780)
Epoch:[2034][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4653 (9.3889)
Epoch:[2034][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2716 (9.3759)
Epoch:[2034][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0309 (9.3414)
Epoch:[2034][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1280 (9.3220)
Epoch:[2034][11/18]	Time 1.60 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0613 (9.3003)
Epoch:[2034][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0893 (9.2840)
Epoch:[2034][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5898 (9.3059)
Epoch:[2034][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0930 (9.2917)
Epoch:[2034][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0690 (9.2778)
Epoch:[2034][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3039 (9.2793)
Epoch:[2034][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3187 (9.2815)
epoch 2034 finished, takes 32.5527822971344 seconds
Epoch:[2035][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4200 (9.4200)
Epoch:[2035][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1357 (9.2778)
Epoch:[2035][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2660 (9.2739)
Epoch:[2035][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7863 (9.1520)
Epoch:[2035][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9386 (9.1093)
Epoch:[2035][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2994 (9.1410)
Epoch:[2035][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5795 (9.2036)
Epoch:[2035][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5101 (9.2419)
Epoch:[2035][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4513 (9.2652)
Epoch:[2035][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1952 (9.2582)
Epoch:[2035][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0796 (9.2420)
Epoch:[2035][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2521 (9.2428)
Epoch:[2035][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2760 (9.2454)
Epoch:[2035][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3290 (9.2513)
Epoch:[2035][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4702 (9.2659)
Epoch:[2035][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0508 (9.2525)
Epoch:[2035][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3800 (9.2600)
Epoch:[2035][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7705 (9.2328)
epoch 2035 finished, takes 33.12933015823364 seconds
Epoch:[2036][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8280 (8.8280)
Epoch:[2036][ 1/18]	Time 2.17 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2720 (9.0500)
Epoch:[2036][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1800 (9.0933)
Epoch:[2036][ 3/18]	Time 1.54 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1728 (9.1132)
Epoch:[2036][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1377 (9.1181)
Epoch:[2036][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3500 (9.1568)
Epoch:[2036][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5646 (9.2150)
Epoch:[2036][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0100 (9.3144)
Epoch:[2036][ 8/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9999 (9.2794)
Epoch:[2036][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1224 (9.2637)
Epoch:[2036][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4965 (9.2849)
Epoch:[2036][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3264 (9.2883)
Epoch:[2036][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8282 (9.2529)
Epoch:[2036][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9956 (9.2346)
Epoch:[2036][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6455 (9.2620)
Epoch:[2036][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2173 (9.2592)
Epoch:[2036][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4457 (9.2701)
Epoch:[2036][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1431 (9.2631)
epoch 2036 finished, takes 33.58086061477661 seconds
Epoch:[2037][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2160 (9.2160)
Epoch:[2037][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4125 (9.3142)
Epoch:[2037][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4608 (9.3631)
Epoch:[2037][ 3/18]	Time 2.29 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3734 (9.3657)
Epoch:[2037][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5173 (9.3960)
Epoch:[2037][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3610 (9.3902)
Epoch:[2037][ 6/18]	Time 1.62 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1209 (9.3517)
Epoch:[2037][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0575 (9.3149)
Epoch:[2037][ 8/18]	Time 2.20 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3533 (9.3192)
Epoch:[2037][ 9/18]	Time 1.51 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8611 (9.2734)
Epoch:[2037][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4420 (9.2887)
Epoch:[2037][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6083 (9.3153)
Epoch:[2037][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0051 (9.2915)
Epoch:[2037][13/18]	Time 2.16 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0243 (9.2724)
Epoch:[2037][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4450 (9.2839)
Epoch:[2037][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8376 (9.2560)
Epoch:[2037][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9797 (9.2398)
Epoch:[2037][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4263 (9.2501)
epoch 2037 finished, takes 33.249908208847046 seconds
Epoch:[2038][ 0/18]	Time 2.21 (2.21)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1074 (9.1074)
Epoch:[2038][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5828 (8.8451)
Epoch:[2038][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1760 (8.9554)
Epoch:[2038][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4436 (9.0774)
Epoch:[2038][ 4/18]	Time 2.16 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7466 (9.2113)
Epoch:[2038][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4956 (9.2586)
Epoch:[2038][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5550 (9.3010)
Epoch:[2038][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5688 (9.3345)
Epoch:[2038][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7326 (9.2676)
Epoch:[2038][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3280 (9.2736)
Epoch:[2038][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0668 (9.2548)
Epoch:[2038][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4012 (9.2670)
Epoch:[2038][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5378 (9.2879)
Epoch:[2038][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0862 (9.2734)
Epoch:[2038][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9429 (9.2514)
Epoch:[2038][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5031 (9.2671)
Epoch:[2038][16/18]	Time 1.63 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7652 (9.2376)
Epoch:[2038][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3094 (9.2416)
epoch 2038 finished, takes 33.97920346260071 seconds
Epoch:[2039][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4194 (9.4194)
Epoch:[2039][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7738 (9.0966)
Epoch:[2039][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0860 (9.0931)
Epoch:[2039][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3370 (9.1540)
Epoch:[2039][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4541 (9.2141)
Epoch:[2039][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8782 (9.1581)
Epoch:[2039][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7121 (9.0944)
Epoch:[2039][ 7/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2048 (9.1082)
Epoch:[2039][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4638 (9.1477)
Epoch:[2039][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2503 (9.1580)
Epoch:[2039][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0937 (9.1521)
Epoch:[2039][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8129 (9.1238)
Epoch:[2039][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3536 (9.1415)
Epoch:[2039][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1727 (9.1437)
Epoch:[2039][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9423 (9.1970)
Epoch:[2039][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9922 (9.1842)
Epoch:[2039][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4705 (9.2010)
Epoch:[2039][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5018 (9.2177)
epoch 2039 finished, takes 33.987802028656006 seconds
Epoch:[2040][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6146 (9.6146)
Epoch:[2040][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1456 (9.3801)
Epoch:[2040][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5014 (9.4206)
Epoch:[2040][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4068 (9.4171)
Epoch:[2040][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6005 (9.4538)
Epoch:[2040][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7063 (9.4959)
Epoch:[2040][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5749 (9.5072)
Epoch:[2040][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8777 (9.4285)
Epoch:[2040][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6106 (9.3376)
Epoch:[2040][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0423 (9.3081)
Epoch:[2040][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3618 (9.3130)
Epoch:[2040][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3291 (9.3143)
Epoch:[2040][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8664 (9.2799)
Epoch:[2040][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5615 (9.3000)
Epoch:[2040][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2385 (9.2959)
Epoch:[2040][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4749 (9.3071)
Epoch:[2040][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1116 (9.2956)
Epoch:[2040][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2867 (9.2951)
epoch 2040 finished, takes 34.3396897315979 seconds
Epoch:[2041][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0943 (9.0943)
Epoch:[2041][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2695 (9.1819)
Epoch:[2041][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2983 (9.2207)
Epoch:[2041][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0440 (9.1765)
Epoch:[2041][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4412 (9.2295)
Epoch:[2041][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1844 (9.2220)
Epoch:[2041][ 6/18]	Time 2.25 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0472 (9.1970)
Epoch:[2041][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8939 (9.1591)
Epoch:[2041][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5864 (9.2066)
Epoch:[2041][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3257 (9.2185)
Epoch:[2041][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7295 (9.1740)
Epoch:[2041][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7284 (9.2202)
Epoch:[2041][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2265 (9.2207)
Epoch:[2041][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1455 (9.2153)
Epoch:[2041][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1209 (9.2090)
Epoch:[2041][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2060 (9.2089)
Epoch:[2041][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2020 (9.2085)
Epoch:[2041][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0457 (9.2550)
epoch 2041 finished, takes 34.542824268341064 seconds
Epoch:[2042][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0742 (9.0742)
Epoch:[2042][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3379 (9.2061)
Epoch:[2042][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6641 (9.3588)
Epoch:[2042][ 3/18]	Time 2.24 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4690 (9.3863)
Epoch:[2042][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1590 (9.3409)
Epoch:[2042][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1573 (9.3103)
Epoch:[2042][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4059 (9.3239)
Epoch:[2042][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8688 (9.3920)
Epoch:[2042][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7668 (9.4337)
Epoch:[2042][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0015 (9.3905)
Epoch:[2042][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1527 (9.3688)
Epoch:[2042][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9144 (9.3310)
Epoch:[2042][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8889 (9.2970)
Epoch:[2042][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8615 (9.2659)
Epoch:[2042][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2294 (9.2634)
Epoch:[2042][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3849 (9.2710)
Epoch:[2042][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4562 (9.2819)
Epoch:[2042][17/18]	Time 1.57 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9430 (9.2631)
epoch 2042 finished, takes 33.5625274181366 seconds
Epoch:[2043][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2032 (9.2032)
Epoch:[2043][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1306 (9.1669)
Epoch:[2043][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4320 (9.2553)
Epoch:[2043][ 3/18]	Time 1.61 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1815 (9.2368)
Epoch:[2043][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1117 (9.2118)
Epoch:[2043][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5886 (9.2746)
Epoch:[2043][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0551 (9.2432)
Epoch:[2043][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1503 (9.2316)
Epoch:[2043][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3514 (9.2449)
Epoch:[2043][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7728 (9.1977)
Epoch:[2043][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4998 (9.2252)
Epoch:[2043][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3622 (9.2366)
Epoch:[2043][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0058 (9.2188)
Epoch:[2043][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0638 (9.2078)
Epoch:[2043][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5715 (9.2320)
Epoch:[2043][15/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2811 (9.2351)
Epoch:[2043][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6590 (9.2600)
Epoch:[2043][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6119 (9.2796)
epoch 2043 finished, takes 33.62212085723877 seconds
Epoch:[2044][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6185 (8.6185)
Epoch:[2044][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3368 (8.9777)
Epoch:[2044][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0240 (8.9931)
Epoch:[2044][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1996 (9.0447)
Epoch:[2044][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1694 (9.0697)
Epoch:[2044][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3712 (9.1199)
Epoch:[2044][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1639 (9.1262)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.557535663040764  precision:  0.6040656542758485  f1:  0.5012673945484755 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.74056064 0.74803768 0.1907851  0.11946676]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7429369471160117  precision:  0.7644655354925054  f1:  0.7449188327483398 perclass recall:  [0.95590143 0.61041667 0.79910714 0.74603175 0.68101266 0.7027027
 0.75144509 0.69687815]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7041271816603407  precision:  0.7049798668717164  f1:  0.6909880346378835 perclass recall:  [0.44413408 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.43129771 0.90151515 0.51550868]
Epoch:[2044][ 7/18]	Time 12.33 (3.19)	Data 10.36 (1.30)	Loss 9.5143 (9.1747)
Epoch:[2044][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (3.02)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.1196 (9.1686)
Epoch:[2044][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 8.9440 (9.1461)
Epoch:[2044][10/18]	Time 1.83 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.5292 (9.1810)
Epoch:[2044][11/18]	Time 2.03 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.5614 (9.2127)
Epoch:[2044][12/18]	Time 1.99 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.1821 (9.2103)
Epoch:[2044][13/18]	Time 1.86 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.3103 (9.2175)
Epoch:[2044][14/18]	Time 1.90 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.4151 (9.2306)
Epoch:[2044][15/18]	Time 1.92 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.2400 (9.2312)
Epoch:[2044][16/18]	Time 1.87 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.2477 (9.2322)
Epoch:[2044][17/18]	Time 2.30 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.9578 (9.2725)
epoch 2044 finished, takes 44.73893594741821 seconds
Epoch:[2045][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0493 (9.0493)
Epoch:[2045][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6683 (8.8588)
Epoch:[2045][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0533 (8.9237)
Epoch:[2045][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3638 (9.0337)
Epoch:[2045][ 4/18]	Time 2.19 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7215 (9.1713)
Epoch:[2045][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1353 (9.1653)
Epoch:[2045][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7757 (9.2525)
Epoch:[2045][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2958 (9.2579)
Epoch:[2045][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0301 (9.3437)
Epoch:[2045][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5090 (9.3602)
Epoch:[2045][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6119 (9.3831)
Epoch:[2045][11/18]	Time 1.59 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4338 (9.3873)
Epoch:[2045][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9929 (9.3570)
Epoch:[2045][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2108 (9.3465)
Epoch:[2045][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5719 (9.3616)
Epoch:[2045][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9269 (9.3344)
Epoch:[2045][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9029 (9.3090)
Epoch:[2045][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2455 (9.3055)
epoch 2045 finished, takes 32.6556236743927 seconds
Epoch:[2046][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2753 (9.2753)
Epoch:[2046][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1399 (9.2076)
Epoch:[2046][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5057 (9.3070)
Epoch:[2046][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8777 (9.1996)
Epoch:[2046][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2864 (9.2170)
Epoch:[2046][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1172 (9.2004)
Epoch:[2046][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0033 (9.1722)
Epoch:[2046][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0704 (9.1595)
Epoch:[2046][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9491 (9.2472)
Epoch:[2046][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1790 (9.2404)
Epoch:[2046][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5552 (9.1781)
Epoch:[2046][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5015 (9.2051)
Epoch:[2046][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8122 (9.1748)
Epoch:[2046][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3757 (9.1892)
Epoch:[2046][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0052 (9.1769)
Epoch:[2046][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8006 (9.2159)
Epoch:[2046][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4756 (9.2312)
Epoch:[2046][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5798 (9.2505)
epoch 2046 finished, takes 33.89590406417847 seconds
Epoch:[2047][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2555 (9.2555)
Epoch:[2047][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3060 (9.2808)
Epoch:[2047][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6149 (9.3921)
Epoch:[2047][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4501 (9.4066)
Epoch:[2047][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1438 (9.3541)
Epoch:[2047][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2115 (9.3303)
Epoch:[2047][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0325 (9.2878)
Epoch:[2047][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3815 (9.2995)
Epoch:[2047][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3608 (9.3063)
Epoch:[2047][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4303 (9.3187)
Epoch:[2047][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1154 (9.3002)
Epoch:[2047][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4790 (9.3151)
Epoch:[2047][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8168 (9.2768)
Epoch:[2047][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7372 (9.3097)
Epoch:[2047][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4767 (9.3208)
Epoch:[2047][15/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4538 (9.3291)
Epoch:[2047][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1813 (9.3204)
Epoch:[2047][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1212 (9.3094)
epoch 2047 finished, takes 32.96181654930115 seconds
Epoch:[2048][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8634 (8.8634)
Epoch:[2048][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0898 (8.9766)
Epoch:[2048][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6374 (9.1969)
Epoch:[2048][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6083 (9.2997)
Epoch:[2048][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8516 (9.2101)
Epoch:[2048][ 5/18]	Time 2.27 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0202 (9.1784)
Epoch:[2048][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0853 (9.1651)
Epoch:[2048][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2023 (9.1698)
Epoch:[2048][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1160 (9.1638)
Epoch:[2048][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1229 (9.1597)
Epoch:[2048][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0181 (9.1468)
Epoch:[2048][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1365 (9.1460)
Epoch:[2048][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3970 (9.1653)
Epoch:[2048][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7008 (9.2035)
Epoch:[2048][14/18]	Time 2.13 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4449 (9.2196)
Epoch:[2048][15/18]	Time 2.22 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6334 (9.2455)
Epoch:[2048][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1440 (9.2395)
Epoch:[2048][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4851 (9.2532)
epoch 2048 finished, takes 34.83120942115784 seconds
Epoch:[2049][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0974 (9.0974)
Epoch:[2049][ 1/18]	Time 1.59 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5948 (9.3461)
Epoch:[2049][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4582 (9.3834)
Epoch:[2049][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2649 (9.3538)
Epoch:[2049][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2680 (9.3367)
Epoch:[2049][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3206 (9.3340)
Epoch:[2049][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1384 (9.3060)
Epoch:[2049][ 7/18]	Time 2.19 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6893 (9.3540)
Epoch:[2049][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3189 (9.3501)
Epoch:[2049][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2826 (9.3433)
Epoch:[2049][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2616 (9.3359)
Epoch:[2049][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1550 (9.3208)
Epoch:[2049][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6030 (9.3425)
Epoch:[2049][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0104 (9.3188)
Epoch:[2049][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3904 (9.3236)
Epoch:[2049][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5072 (9.3350)
Epoch:[2049][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9575 (9.3128)
Epoch:[2049][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4501 (9.3205)
epoch 2049 finished, takes 33.466792583465576 seconds
Epoch:[2050][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5882 (9.5882)
Epoch:[2050][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1258 (9.3570)
Epoch:[2050][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0853 (9.2664)
Epoch:[2050][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2521 (9.2628)
Epoch:[2050][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8049 (9.1713)
Epoch:[2050][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5445 (9.2335)
Epoch:[2050][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7223 (9.1604)
Epoch:[2050][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1382 (9.1576)
Epoch:[2050][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6635 (9.2138)
Epoch:[2050][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5000 (9.2425)
Epoch:[2050][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4200 (9.2586)
Epoch:[2050][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1757 (9.2517)
Epoch:[2050][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2618 (9.2525)
Epoch:[2050][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4996 (9.2701)
Epoch:[2050][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3532 (9.2757)
Epoch:[2050][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3554 (9.2806)
Epoch:[2050][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1478 (9.2728)
Epoch:[2050][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2758 (9.2730)
epoch 2050 finished, takes 33.49749970436096 seconds
Epoch:[2051][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6529 (9.6529)
Epoch:[2051][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7071 (9.6800)
Epoch:[2051][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1730 (9.5110)
Epoch:[2051][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0943 (9.4068)
Epoch:[2051][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4101 (9.4075)
Epoch:[2051][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5669 (9.4341)
Epoch:[2051][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1238 (9.3897)
Epoch:[2051][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8524 (9.3226)
Epoch:[2051][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3072 (9.3209)
Epoch:[2051][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6554 (9.2543)
Epoch:[2051][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0438 (9.2352)
Epoch:[2051][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0664 (9.2211)
Epoch:[2051][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2085 (9.2201)
Epoch:[2051][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9650 (9.2733)
Epoch:[2051][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2937 (9.2747)
Epoch:[2051][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6781 (9.2999)
Epoch:[2051][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8612 (9.3329)
Epoch:[2051][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3906 (9.3361)
epoch 2051 finished, takes 34.336175203323364 seconds
Epoch:[2052][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9279 (8.9279)
Epoch:[2052][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0882 (9.0080)
Epoch:[2052][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7006 (9.2389)
Epoch:[2052][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2958 (9.2531)
Epoch:[2052][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4369 (9.2899)
Epoch:[2052][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3930 (9.3071)
Epoch:[2052][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9139 (9.2509)
Epoch:[2052][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2944 (9.2563)
Epoch:[2052][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9493 (9.2222)
Epoch:[2052][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0621 (9.3062)
Epoch:[2052][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8245 (9.2624)
Epoch:[2052][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4931 (9.2816)
Epoch:[2052][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1018 (9.2678)
Epoch:[2052][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0418 (9.2517)
Epoch:[2052][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0727 (9.2397)
Epoch:[2052][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4116 (9.2505)
Epoch:[2052][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1576 (9.2450)
Epoch:[2052][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0566 (9.2345)
epoch 2052 finished, takes 33.42560529708862 seconds
Epoch:[2053][ 0/18]	Time 2.22 (2.22)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3101 (9.3101)
Epoch:[2053][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6469 (8.9785)
Epoch:[2053][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9664 (8.9745)
Epoch:[2053][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5569 (9.1201)
Epoch:[2053][ 4/18]	Time 1.58 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8548 (9.2671)
Epoch:[2053][ 5/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7685 (9.3506)
Epoch:[2053][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2823 (9.3409)
Epoch:[2053][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8365 (9.2778)
Epoch:[2053][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2567 (9.2755)
Epoch:[2053][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6241 (9.3103)
Epoch:[2053][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1750 (9.2980)
Epoch:[2053][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9856 (9.2720)
Epoch:[2053][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4851 (9.2884)
Epoch:[2053][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3351 (9.2917)
Epoch:[2053][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3413 (9.2950)
Epoch:[2053][15/18]	Time 2.25 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5964 (9.3139)
Epoch:[2053][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1568 (9.3046)
Epoch:[2053][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5599 (9.3188)
epoch 2053 finished, takes 34.34125733375549 seconds
Epoch:[2054][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3481 (9.3481)
Epoch:[2054][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9126 (9.1304)
Epoch:[2054][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6248 (8.9618)
Epoch:[2054][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5563 (9.1105)
Epoch:[2054][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3194 (9.1523)
Epoch:[2054][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1418 (9.3172)
Epoch:[2054][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9128 (9.2594)
Epoch:[2054][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1186 (9.2418)
Epoch:[2054][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2794 (9.2460)
Epoch:[2054][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3599 (9.2574)
Epoch:[2054][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9055 (9.2254)
Epoch:[2054][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5990 (9.2565)
Epoch:[2054][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4329 (9.2701)
Epoch:[2054][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8224 (9.3095)
Epoch:[2054][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1888 (9.3015)
Epoch:[2054][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1816 (9.2940)
Epoch:[2054][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4913 (9.3056)
Epoch:[2054][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2338 (9.3016)
epoch 2054 finished, takes 33.489399909973145 seconds
Epoch:[2055][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9896 (8.9896)
Epoch:[2055][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2747 (9.1322)
Epoch:[2055][ 2/18]	Time 1.62 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8943 (9.0529)
Epoch:[2055][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9615 (9.0300)
Epoch:[2055][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4141 (9.1068)
Epoch:[2055][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9556 (9.0816)
Epoch:[2055][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1180 (9.0868)
Epoch:[2055][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2088 (9.1021)
Epoch:[2055][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2381 (9.1172)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.561088698115628  precision:  0.6147100590656499  f1:  0.5070753963934638 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.7402746  0.74843014 0.18878909 0.13912152]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7450474231271743  precision:  0.7653983204671817  f1:  0.7469036580648029 perclass recall:  [0.95654994 0.61666667 0.79910714 0.74376417 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69889225]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7053326235070806  precision:  0.7061889275912013  f1:  0.6922698721100179 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.90151515 0.51488834]
Epoch:[2055][ 9/18]	Time 13.19 (2.99)	Data 11.17 (1.12)	Loss 9.3368 (9.1391)
Epoch:[2055][10/18]	Time 1.93 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.02)	Loss 9.1508 (9.1402)
Epoch:[2055][11/18]	Time 1.83 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.93)	Loss 9.1640 (9.1422)
Epoch:[2055][12/18]	Time 2.06 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.5075 (9.1703)
Epoch:[2055][13/18]	Time 1.84 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.2308 (9.1746)
Epoch:[2055][14/18]	Time 1.99 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 8.8406 (9.1523)
Epoch:[2055][15/18]	Time 1.93 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.3534 (9.1649)
Epoch:[2055][16/18]	Time 1.83 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.2602 (9.1705)
Epoch:[2055][17/18]	Time 1.83 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.3092 (9.1782)
epoch 2055 finished, takes 45.185839891433716 seconds
Epoch:[2056][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1960 (9.1960)
Epoch:[2056][ 1/18]	Time 2.31 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4644 (9.3302)
Epoch:[2056][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3852 (9.3485)
Epoch:[2056][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5261 (9.3929)
Epoch:[2056][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7050 (9.4553)
Epoch:[2056][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0949 (9.3953)
Epoch:[2056][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0675 (9.3484)
Epoch:[2056][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1305 (9.3212)
Epoch:[2056][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2509 (9.3134)
Epoch:[2056][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3618 (9.3182)
Epoch:[2056][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0598 (9.2947)
Epoch:[2056][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2393 (9.2901)
Epoch:[2056][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8117 (9.3302)
Epoch:[2056][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0509 (9.3103)
Epoch:[2056][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9354 (9.2853)
Epoch:[2056][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2665 (9.2841)
Epoch:[2056][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2950 (9.2848)
Epoch:[2056][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6651 (9.3059)
epoch 2056 finished, takes 34.25684952735901 seconds
Epoch:[2057][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3357 (9.3357)
Epoch:[2057][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8122 (9.5740)
Epoch:[2057][ 2/18]	Time 1.51 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2059 (9.4513)
Epoch:[2057][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3829 (9.4342)
Epoch:[2057][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7975 (9.5068)
Epoch:[2057][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9322 (9.4111)
Epoch:[2057][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5820 (9.4355)
Epoch:[2057][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0488 (9.3872)
Epoch:[2057][ 8/18]	Time 2.29 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4465 (9.3937)
Epoch:[2057][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1289 (9.3673)
Epoch:[2057][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4884 (9.3783)
Epoch:[2057][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2127 (9.3645)
Epoch:[2057][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9540 (9.3329)
Epoch:[2057][13/18]	Time 2.26 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5892 (9.3512)
Epoch:[2057][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9142 (9.3221)
Epoch:[2057][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5768 (9.3380)
Epoch:[2057][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1602 (9.3275)
Epoch:[2057][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5934 (9.3423)
epoch 2057 finished, takes 33.98006463050842 seconds
Epoch:[2058][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0898 (9.0898)
Epoch:[2058][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4055 (9.2476)
Epoch:[2058][ 2/18]	Time 1.64 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1765 (9.2239)
Epoch:[2058][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1801 (9.2130)
Epoch:[2058][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2391 (9.2182)
Epoch:[2058][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6194 (9.2851)
Epoch:[2058][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7366 (9.2067)
Epoch:[2058][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2558 (9.2128)
Epoch:[2058][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4652 (9.2409)
Epoch:[2058][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4963 (9.2664)
Epoch:[2058][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1559 (9.2564)
Epoch:[2058][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2772 (9.2581)
Epoch:[2058][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0419 (9.2415)
Epoch:[2058][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1979 (9.2384)
Epoch:[2058][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7593 (9.2731)
Epoch:[2058][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5685 (9.2916)
Epoch:[2058][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1056 (9.2806)
Epoch:[2058][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0224 (9.2663)
epoch 2058 finished, takes 33.113385915756226 seconds
Epoch:[2059][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6060 (9.6060)
Epoch:[2059][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3359 (9.4709)
Epoch:[2059][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1890 (9.3769)
Epoch:[2059][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0631 (9.2985)
Epoch:[2059][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4840 (9.3356)
Epoch:[2059][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4899 (9.3613)
Epoch:[2059][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0377 (9.4579)
Epoch:[2059][ 7/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3294 (9.4419)
Epoch:[2059][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1195 (9.4060)
Epoch:[2059][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2094 (9.3864)
Epoch:[2059][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0686 (9.3575)
Epoch:[2059][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9499 (9.4069)
Epoch:[2059][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4768 (9.4122)
Epoch:[2059][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3909 (9.4107)
Epoch:[2059][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2084 (9.3972)
Epoch:[2059][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9554 (9.3696)
Epoch:[2059][16/18]	Time 2.29 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3471 (9.3683)
Epoch:[2059][17/18]	Time 2.19 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2005 (9.3590)
epoch 2059 finished, takes 34.80200433731079 seconds
Epoch:[2060][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1846 (9.1846)
Epoch:[2060][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1434 (9.1640)
Epoch:[2060][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4460 (9.2580)
Epoch:[2060][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5177 (9.3230)
Epoch:[2060][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5764 (9.3736)
Epoch:[2060][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8766 (9.2908)
Epoch:[2060][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8577 (9.2289)
Epoch:[2060][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2122 (9.2268)
Epoch:[2060][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0670 (9.2091)
Epoch:[2060][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6809 (9.1563)
Epoch:[2060][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0218 (9.1440)
Epoch:[2060][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2216 (9.1505)
Epoch:[2060][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2932 (9.1615)
Epoch:[2060][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6654 (9.1975)
Epoch:[2060][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3215 (9.2057)
Epoch:[2060][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2910 (9.2111)
Epoch:[2060][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1087 (9.2050)
Epoch:[2060][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4409 (9.2181)
epoch 2060 finished, takes 34.51367545127869 seconds
Epoch:[2061][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1931 (9.1931)
Epoch:[2061][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4432 (9.3182)
Epoch:[2061][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2852 (9.3072)
Epoch:[2061][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6916 (9.4033)
Epoch:[2061][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3726 (9.3971)
Epoch:[2061][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0737 (9.3432)
Epoch:[2061][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3305 (9.3414)
Epoch:[2061][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9340 (9.2905)
Epoch:[2061][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4153 (9.3043)
Epoch:[2061][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3663 (9.3105)
Epoch:[2061][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6825 (9.3444)
Epoch:[2061][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2780 (9.3388)
Epoch:[2061][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9780 (9.3111)
Epoch:[2061][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2907 (9.3096)
Epoch:[2061][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9496 (9.2856)
Epoch:[2061][15/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8764 (9.2600)
Epoch:[2061][16/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2562 (9.2598)
Epoch:[2061][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3798 (9.2665)
epoch 2061 finished, takes 33.61504364013672 seconds
Epoch:[2062][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2040 (9.2040)
Epoch:[2062][ 1/18]	Time 1.58 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0098 (9.1069)
Epoch:[2062][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6072 (9.2736)
Epoch:[2062][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0995 (9.2301)
Epoch:[2062][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6854 (9.3212)
Epoch:[2062][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5586 (9.3607)
Epoch:[2062][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5018 (9.3809)
Epoch:[2062][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9743 (9.3301)
Epoch:[2062][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3678 (9.3343)
Epoch:[2062][ 9/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8420 (9.2850)
Epoch:[2062][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0781 (9.2662)
Epoch:[2062][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8126 (9.2284)
Epoch:[2062][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5437 (9.2527)
Epoch:[2062][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1380 (9.2445)
Epoch:[2062][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1376 (9.2374)
Epoch:[2062][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2338 (9.2371)
Epoch:[2062][16/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5463 (9.2553)
Epoch:[2062][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5388 (9.2711)
epoch 2062 finished, takes 33.91508913040161 seconds
Epoch:[2063][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9817 (8.9817)
Epoch:[2063][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2190 (9.1003)
Epoch:[2063][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1832 (9.1280)
Epoch:[2063][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1397 (9.1309)
Epoch:[2063][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0616 (9.1171)
Epoch:[2063][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3858 (9.1618)
Epoch:[2063][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3424 (9.1876)
Epoch:[2063][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3767 (9.2113)
Epoch:[2063][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6823 (9.1525)
Epoch:[2063][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3094 (9.1682)
Epoch:[2063][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0590 (9.1583)
Epoch:[2063][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8875 (9.2190)
Epoch:[2063][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1098 (9.2106)
Epoch:[2063][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5613 (9.2357)
Epoch:[2063][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5841 (9.2589)
Epoch:[2063][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6263 (9.2194)
Epoch:[2063][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0361 (9.2086)
Epoch:[2063][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3478 (9.2163)
epoch 2063 finished, takes 33.79464292526245 seconds
Epoch:[2064][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5747 (9.5747)
Epoch:[2064][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3797 (9.4772)
Epoch:[2064][ 2/18]	Time 2.28 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1402 (9.3649)
Epoch:[2064][ 3/18]	Time 2.16 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4212 (9.3790)
Epoch:[2064][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4637 (9.3959)
Epoch:[2064][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7113 (9.4485)
Epoch:[2064][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4211 (9.4446)
Epoch:[2064][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6035 (9.4644)
Epoch:[2064][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2596 (9.4417)
Epoch:[2064][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1709 (9.4146)
Epoch:[2064][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3328 (9.3163)
Epoch:[2064][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3754 (9.3212)
Epoch:[2064][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0262 (9.2985)
Epoch:[2064][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8201 (9.2643)
Epoch:[2064][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1972 (9.2598)
Epoch:[2064][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2977 (9.2622)
Epoch:[2064][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1373 (9.2549)
Epoch:[2064][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4417 (9.2652)
epoch 2064 finished, takes 34.252453088760376 seconds
Epoch:[2065][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6123 (9.6123)
Epoch:[2065][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4963 (9.5543)
Epoch:[2065][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0592 (9.3893)
Epoch:[2065][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2081 (9.3440)
Epoch:[2065][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5242 (9.3800)
Epoch:[2065][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7521 (9.4420)
Epoch:[2065][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3007 (9.4219)
Epoch:[2065][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0734 (9.3783)
Epoch:[2065][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2762 (9.3670)
Epoch:[2065][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3218 (9.3624)
Epoch:[2065][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1095 (9.3394)
Epoch:[2065][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9568 (9.3076)
Epoch:[2065][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5222 (9.3241)
Epoch:[2065][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7165 (9.3521)
Epoch:[2065][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6844 (9.3743)
Epoch:[2065][15/18]	Time 1.59 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9341 (9.4092)
Epoch:[2065][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4964 (9.4144)
Epoch:[2065][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3807 (9.4125)
epoch 2065 finished, takes 33.47449278831482 seconds
Epoch:[2066][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2425 (9.2425)
Epoch:[2066][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8589 (9.0507)
Epoch:[2066][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8108 (8.9707)
Epoch:[2066][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0659 (8.9945)
Epoch:[2066][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1625 (9.0281)
Epoch:[2066][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4442 (9.0975)
Epoch:[2066][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0203 (9.0865)
Epoch:[2066][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9712 (9.0720)
Epoch:[2066][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5631 (9.1266)
Epoch:[2066][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1469 (9.1286)
Epoch:[2066][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0860 (9.1248)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5608055152990776  precision:  0.613749424383051  f1:  0.5070968010341494 perclass recall:  [0.98882814 0.73855835 0.74803768 0.18845642 0.14014698]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7441155845048174  precision:  0.7639577039803155  f1:  0.7461016007783767 perclass recall:  [0.95784695 0.61875    0.79910714 0.74376417 0.6835443  0.69287469
 0.75915222 0.6978852 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7055989139003868  precision:  0.7055127297120901  f1:  0.6922414455450611 perclass recall:  [0.44972067 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.4370229  0.90151515 0.5130273 ]
Epoch:[2066][11/18]	Time 13.01 (2.81)	Data 11.15 (0.93)	Loss 9.8964 (9.1891)
Epoch:[2066][12/18]	Time 1.76 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.0846 (9.1810)
Epoch:[2066][13/18]	Time 1.80 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 8.9745 (9.1663)
Epoch:[2066][14/18]	Time 1.83 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.0078 (9.1557)
Epoch:[2066][15/18]	Time 1.77 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.2240 (9.1600)
Epoch:[2066][16/18]	Time 1.97 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.1155 (9.1574)
Epoch:[2066][17/18]	Time 1.75 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.1097 (9.1547)
epoch 2066 finished, takes 44.625120878219604 seconds
Epoch:[2067][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4383 (9.4383)
Epoch:[2067][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5138 (9.4761)
Epoch:[2067][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5851 (9.5124)
Epoch:[2067][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9122 (9.3624)
Epoch:[2067][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1272 (9.3153)
Epoch:[2067][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3585 (9.3225)
Epoch:[2067][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6760 (9.3730)
Epoch:[2067][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6637 (9.4094)
Epoch:[2067][ 8/18]	Time 2.26 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3545 (9.4033)
Epoch:[2067][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9353 (9.4565)
Epoch:[2067][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7310 (9.4814)
Epoch:[2067][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3514 (9.4706)
Epoch:[2067][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5649 (9.4778)
Epoch:[2067][13/18]	Time 2.26 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4648 (9.4769)
Epoch:[2067][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0226 (9.4466)
Epoch:[2067][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7900 (9.4056)
Epoch:[2067][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1739 (9.3920)
Epoch:[2067][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2721 (9.3853)
epoch 2067 finished, takes 33.86415719985962 seconds
Epoch:[2068][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2584 (9.2584)
Epoch:[2068][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8710 (9.0647)
Epoch:[2068][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0243 (9.0512)
Epoch:[2068][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4734 (9.1568)
Epoch:[2068][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6332 (9.2521)
Epoch:[2068][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1614 (9.2369)
Epoch:[2068][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7978 (9.1742)
Epoch:[2068][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8341 (9.1317)
Epoch:[2068][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6680 (9.1913)
Epoch:[2068][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9547 (9.2676)
Epoch:[2068][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0799 (9.2506)
Epoch:[2068][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2573 (9.2511)
Epoch:[2068][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2080 (9.2478)
Epoch:[2068][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9382 (9.2257)
Epoch:[2068][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1993 (9.2239)
Epoch:[2068][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0274 (9.2742)
Epoch:[2068][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9454 (9.2548)
Epoch:[2068][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2759 (9.2560)
epoch 2068 finished, takes 34.00668430328369 seconds
Epoch:[2069][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3658 (9.3658)
Epoch:[2069][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4267 (9.3962)
Epoch:[2069][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1792 (9.3239)
Epoch:[2069][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1372 (9.2772)
Epoch:[2069][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4849 (9.3188)
Epoch:[2069][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4016 (9.3326)
Epoch:[2069][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3346 (9.3329)
Epoch:[2069][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7594 (9.2612)
Epoch:[2069][ 8/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4112 (9.2778)
Epoch:[2069][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1575 (9.2658)
Epoch:[2069][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4038 (9.2783)
Epoch:[2069][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0555 (9.2598)
Epoch:[2069][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1280 (9.2496)
Epoch:[2069][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0049 (9.2322)
Epoch:[2069][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3884 (9.2426)
Epoch:[2069][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0579 (9.2310)
Epoch:[2069][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0485 (9.2203)
Epoch:[2069][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4234 (9.2316)
epoch 2069 finished, takes 34.19087743759155 seconds
Epoch:[2070][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6404 (8.6404)
Epoch:[2070][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2838 (8.9621)
Epoch:[2070][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0130 (8.9791)
Epoch:[2070][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8146 (8.9379)
Epoch:[2070][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8391 (8.9182)
Epoch:[2070][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3653 (8.9927)
Epoch:[2070][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3418 (9.0426)
Epoch:[2070][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4392 (9.0922)
Epoch:[2070][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3618 (9.1221)
Epoch:[2070][ 9/18]	Time 2.29 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1124 (9.1212)
Epoch:[2070][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9553 (9.1061)
Epoch:[2070][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5354 (9.1418)
Epoch:[2070][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5826 (9.1758)
Epoch:[2070][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4387 (9.1945)
Epoch:[2070][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2448 (9.1979)
Epoch:[2070][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5465 (9.2197)
Epoch:[2070][16/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2239 (9.2199)
Epoch:[2070][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2309 (9.2205)
epoch 2070 finished, takes 33.813650369644165 seconds
Epoch:[2071][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1207 (9.1207)
Epoch:[2071][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1264 (9.1235)
Epoch:[2071][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2003 (9.1491)
Epoch:[2071][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0943 (9.1354)
Epoch:[2071][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4833 (9.2050)
Epoch:[2071][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3432 (9.2280)
Epoch:[2071][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5927 (9.2801)
Epoch:[2071][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4203 (9.2977)
Epoch:[2071][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7769 (9.3509)
Epoch:[2071][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9862 (9.3144)
Epoch:[2071][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3135 (9.3143)
Epoch:[2071][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7129 (9.3476)
Epoch:[2071][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4583 (9.3561)
Epoch:[2071][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1851 (9.3439)
Epoch:[2071][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0348 (9.3233)
Epoch:[2071][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9825 (9.3645)
Epoch:[2071][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2607 (9.3584)
Epoch:[2071][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7240 (9.3231)
epoch 2071 finished, takes 33.945380210876465 seconds
Epoch:[2072][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1179 (9.1179)
Epoch:[2072][ 1/18]	Time 1.61 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4869 (8.8024)
Epoch:[2072][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5463 (9.0504)
Epoch:[2072][ 3/18]	Time 2.29 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5349 (9.1715)
Epoch:[2072][ 4/18]	Time 2.30 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7618 (9.2896)
Epoch:[2072][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2475 (9.2826)
Epoch:[2072][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2018 (9.2710)
Epoch:[2072][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1943 (9.2614)
Epoch:[2072][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3785 (9.2744)
Epoch:[2072][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5501 (9.3020)
Epoch:[2072][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9677 (9.2716)
Epoch:[2072][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7328 (9.3100)
Epoch:[2072][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8682 (9.2761)
Epoch:[2072][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8812 (9.2478)
Epoch:[2072][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5972 (9.2711)
Epoch:[2072][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0021 (9.2543)
Epoch:[2072][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5539 (9.2719)
Epoch:[2072][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0873 (9.2617)
epoch 2072 finished, takes 33.904253244400024 seconds
Epoch:[2073][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3181 (9.3181)
Epoch:[2073][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1351 (9.2266)
Epoch:[2073][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3435 (9.2656)
Epoch:[2073][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7180 (9.3787)
Epoch:[2073][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4779 (9.3985)
Epoch:[2073][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7128 (9.4509)
Epoch:[2073][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2589 (9.4235)
Epoch:[2073][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2982 (9.4078)
Epoch:[2073][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0931 (9.3728)
Epoch:[2073][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8448 (9.3200)
Epoch:[2073][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7893 (9.2718)
Epoch:[2073][11/18]	Time 1.64 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4099 (9.2833)
Epoch:[2073][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9384 (9.2568)
Epoch:[2073][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0529 (9.2422)
Epoch:[2073][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0000 (9.2261)
Epoch:[2073][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3259 (9.2323)
Epoch:[2073][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8274 (9.2085)
Epoch:[2073][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2002 (9.2080)
epoch 2073 finished, takes 33.322044134140015 seconds
Epoch:[2074][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0989 (9.0989)
Epoch:[2074][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0501 (9.0745)
Epoch:[2074][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0962 (9.0817)
Epoch:[2074][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3881 (9.1583)
Epoch:[2074][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4133 (9.2093)
Epoch:[2074][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1546 (9.2002)
Epoch:[2074][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5664 (9.2525)
Epoch:[2074][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5917 (9.1699)
Epoch:[2074][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8075 (9.1296)
Epoch:[2074][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2174 (9.1384)
Epoch:[2074][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8235 (9.1098)
Epoch:[2074][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4610 (9.1391)
Epoch:[2074][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1352 (9.1388)
Epoch:[2074][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0051 (9.1292)
Epoch:[2074][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6629 (9.1648)
Epoch:[2074][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4230 (9.1809)
Epoch:[2074][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7592 (9.1561)
Epoch:[2074][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8199 (9.1374)
epoch 2074 finished, takes 33.2305006980896 seconds
Epoch:[2075][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3692 (9.3692)
Epoch:[2075][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1496 (9.2594)
Epoch:[2075][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2370 (9.2520)
Epoch:[2075][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2895 (9.2613)
Epoch:[2075][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4346 (9.2960)
Epoch:[2075][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9903 (9.2450)
Epoch:[2075][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3604 (9.2615)
Epoch:[2075][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1068 (9.2422)
Epoch:[2075][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0052 (9.2158)
Epoch:[2075][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3223 (9.1265)
Epoch:[2075][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3091 (9.1431)
Epoch:[2075][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4361 (9.1675)
Epoch:[2075][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5211 (9.1947)
Epoch:[2075][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3431 (9.2053)
Epoch:[2075][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9391 (9.1876)
Epoch:[2075][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3921 (9.2003)
Epoch:[2075][16/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2787 (9.2049)
Epoch:[2075][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3454 (9.2127)
epoch 2075 finished, takes 33.29762506484985 seconds
Epoch:[2076][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0968 (9.0968)
Epoch:[2076][ 1/18]	Time 2.24 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1151 (9.1059)
Epoch:[2076][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2568 (9.1562)
Epoch:[2076][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2713 (9.1850)
Epoch:[2076][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6578 (9.2796)
Epoch:[2076][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4888 (9.3144)
Epoch:[2076][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7123 (9.2284)
Epoch:[2076][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0173 (9.2020)
Epoch:[2076][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2847 (9.2112)
Epoch:[2076][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4230 (9.2324)
Epoch:[2076][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5562 (9.2618)
Epoch:[2076][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8855 (9.2305)
Epoch:[2076][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9488 (9.2088)
Epoch:[2076][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3693 (9.2203)
Epoch:[2076][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0973 (9.2121)
Epoch:[2076][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2168 (9.2124)
Epoch:[2076][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1913 (9.2111)
Epoch:[2076][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0586 (9.2027)
epoch 2076 finished, takes 34.6439003944397 seconds
Epoch:[2077][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8777 (8.8777)
Epoch:[2077][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3200 (9.0989)
Epoch:[2077][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6573 (9.2850)
Epoch:[2077][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9904 (9.2114)
Epoch:[2077][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4228 (9.2537)
Epoch:[2077][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4730 (9.2902)
Epoch:[2077][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5744 (9.3308)
Epoch:[2077][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9470 (9.2829)
Epoch:[2077][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3749 (9.2931)
Epoch:[2077][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2220 (9.2860)
Epoch:[2077][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1568 (9.2742)
Epoch:[2077][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3170 (9.2778)
Epoch:[2077][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2829 (9.2782)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5609012834362442  precision:  0.6137531615612569  f1:  0.5072714455285117 perclass recall:  [0.98859044 0.73827231 0.74803768 0.18928809 0.14031789]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7449066656021841  precision:  0.7646360430121286  f1:  0.7468765483673864 perclass recall:  [0.95784695 0.61666667 0.79910714 0.74376417 0.6835443  0.6953317
 0.761079   0.70191339]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7032039754243713  precision:  0.7043110997622896  f1:  0.6899563739973803 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.43320611 0.90151515 0.51364764]
Epoch:[2077][13/18]	Time 12.74 (2.68)	Data 10.89 (0.78)	Loss 9.6661 (9.3059)
Epoch:[2077][14/18]	Time 1.91 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.73)	Loss 9.4623 (9.3163)
Epoch:[2077][15/18]	Time 1.50 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 9.4243 (9.3231)
Epoch:[2077][16/18]	Time 1.72 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.2879 (9.3210)
Epoch:[2077][17/18]	Time 1.87 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.4396 (9.3276)
epoch 2077 finished, takes 44.5191433429718 seconds
Epoch:[2078][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2191 (9.2191)
Epoch:[2078][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1145 (9.1668)
Epoch:[2078][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2851 (9.2063)
Epoch:[2078][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5165 (9.2838)
Epoch:[2078][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5122 (9.3295)
Epoch:[2078][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3876 (9.3392)
Epoch:[2078][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4822 (9.3596)
Epoch:[2078][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1816 (9.3374)
Epoch:[2078][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9471 (9.2940)
Epoch:[2078][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3629 (9.3009)
Epoch:[2078][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1232 (9.2847)
Epoch:[2078][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9688 (9.2584)
Epoch:[2078][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7464 (9.2190)
Epoch:[2078][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4321 (9.2342)
Epoch:[2078][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4860 (9.2510)
Epoch:[2078][15/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5156 (9.2676)
Epoch:[2078][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3266 (9.2710)
Epoch:[2078][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5940 (9.2890)
epoch 2078 finished, takes 33.763806104660034 seconds
Epoch:[2079][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3496 (9.3496)
Epoch:[2079][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1934 (9.2715)
Epoch:[2079][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5558 (9.3663)
Epoch:[2079][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7804 (9.2198)
Epoch:[2079][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4542 (9.2667)
Epoch:[2079][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3348 (9.2780)
Epoch:[2079][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3131 (9.2830)
Epoch:[2079][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5058 (9.3109)
Epoch:[2079][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2520 (9.3044)
Epoch:[2079][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9883 (9.2727)
Epoch:[2079][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6063 (9.3031)
Epoch:[2079][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1769 (9.2926)
Epoch:[2079][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8651 (9.2597)
Epoch:[2079][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1659 (9.2530)
Epoch:[2079][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1567 (9.2466)
Epoch:[2079][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2776 (9.2485)
Epoch:[2079][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3534 (9.2547)
Epoch:[2079][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0265 (9.2420)
epoch 2079 finished, takes 33.10591149330139 seconds
Epoch:[2080][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9973 (8.9973)
Epoch:[2080][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3274 (9.1623)
Epoch:[2080][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3401 (9.2216)
Epoch:[2080][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2384 (9.2258)
Epoch:[2080][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2090 (9.2224)
Epoch:[2080][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2590 (9.2285)
Epoch:[2080][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4008 (9.2532)
Epoch:[2080][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2960 (9.2585)
Epoch:[2080][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3282 (9.2663)
Epoch:[2080][ 9/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9459 (9.2342)
Epoch:[2080][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8705 (9.2012)
Epoch:[2080][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0357 (9.1874)
Epoch:[2080][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3802 (9.2022)
Epoch:[2080][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2712 (9.2071)
Epoch:[2080][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3229 (9.2148)
Epoch:[2080][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5215 (9.2340)
Epoch:[2080][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1021 (9.2263)
Epoch:[2080][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4052 (9.2362)
epoch 2080 finished, takes 34.008785009384155 seconds
Epoch:[2081][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8728 (8.8728)
Epoch:[2081][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9991 (8.9360)
Epoch:[2081][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4823 (9.1181)
Epoch:[2081][ 3/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6871 (9.0103)
Epoch:[2081][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4673 (9.1017)
Epoch:[2081][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0546 (9.0939)
Epoch:[2081][ 6/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6842 (9.1782)
Epoch:[2081][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3601 (9.2010)
Epoch:[2081][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9183 (9.1696)
Epoch:[2081][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3529 (9.1879)
Epoch:[2081][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0515 (9.1755)
Epoch:[2081][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5230 (9.2044)
Epoch:[2081][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3139 (9.2129)
Epoch:[2081][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2346 (9.2144)
Epoch:[2081][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5079 (9.2340)
Epoch:[2081][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1028 (9.2258)
Epoch:[2081][16/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8690 (9.2048)
Epoch:[2081][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3952 (9.2154)
epoch 2081 finished, takes 33.97535824775696 seconds
Epoch:[2082][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4579 (9.4579)
Epoch:[2082][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3689 (9.4134)
Epoch:[2082][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6447 (9.4905)
Epoch:[2082][ 3/18]	Time 2.21 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7273 (9.5497)
Epoch:[2082][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4517 (9.5301)
Epoch:[2082][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3010 (9.4919)
Epoch:[2082][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2674 (9.4598)
Epoch:[2082][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9324 (9.3939)
Epoch:[2082][ 8/18]	Time 2.27 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0939 (9.3606)
Epoch:[2082][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1337 (9.3379)
Epoch:[2082][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3190 (9.3362)
Epoch:[2082][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1600 (9.3215)
Epoch:[2082][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9565 (9.2934)
Epoch:[2082][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1357 (9.2821)
Epoch:[2082][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2695 (9.2813)
Epoch:[2082][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0633 (9.2677)
Epoch:[2082][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0856 (9.2570)
Epoch:[2082][17/18]	Time 2.23 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5559 (9.2736)
epoch 2082 finished, takes 34.60151195526123 seconds
Epoch:[2083][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0037 (9.0037)
Epoch:[2083][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2148 (9.1093)
Epoch:[2083][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4571 (9.2252)
Epoch:[2083][ 3/18]	Time 1.60 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4924 (9.2920)
Epoch:[2083][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5938 (9.1523)
Epoch:[2083][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4029 (9.1941)
Epoch:[2083][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3053 (9.2100)
Epoch:[2083][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2445 (9.2143)
Epoch:[2083][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5408 (9.2506)
Epoch:[2083][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1157 (9.2371)
Epoch:[2083][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3151 (9.2442)
Epoch:[2083][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8224 (9.2090)
Epoch:[2083][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8280 (9.1797)
Epoch:[2083][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0138 (9.1679)
Epoch:[2083][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2074 (9.1705)
Epoch:[2083][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8343 (9.1495)
Epoch:[2083][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2651 (9.1563)
Epoch:[2083][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5927 (9.1805)
epoch 2083 finished, takes 33.87804913520813 seconds
Epoch:[2084][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8956 (8.8956)
Epoch:[2084][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9955 (8.9455)
Epoch:[2084][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1697 (9.0203)
Epoch:[2084][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0465 (9.0268)
Epoch:[2084][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4383 (9.1091)
Epoch:[2084][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2830 (9.1381)
Epoch:[2084][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1616 (9.1415)
Epoch:[2084][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1672 (9.1447)
Epoch:[2084][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2649 (9.1580)
Epoch:[2084][ 9/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5115 (9.1934)
Epoch:[2084][10/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6743 (9.2371)
Epoch:[2084][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4088 (9.2514)
Epoch:[2084][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5459 (9.2741)
Epoch:[2084][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1987 (9.2687)
Epoch:[2084][14/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1445 (9.2604)
Epoch:[2084][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8142 (9.2325)
Epoch:[2084][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3551 (9.2397)
Epoch:[2084][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1607 (9.2353)
epoch 2084 finished, takes 33.85641860961914 seconds
Epoch:[2085][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7780 (8.7780)
Epoch:[2085][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1073 (8.9426)
Epoch:[2085][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2090 (9.0314)
Epoch:[2085][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5482 (9.1606)
Epoch:[2085][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3926 (9.2070)
Epoch:[2085][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8687 (9.1506)
Epoch:[2085][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3891 (9.1847)
Epoch:[2085][ 7/18]	Time 1.61 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2648 (9.1947)
Epoch:[2085][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0827 (9.1823)
Epoch:[2085][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3105 (9.1951)
Epoch:[2085][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8718 (9.1657)
Epoch:[2085][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0679 (9.1575)
Epoch:[2085][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0123 (9.1464)
Epoch:[2085][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8293 (9.1952)
Epoch:[2085][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5159 (9.1499)
Epoch:[2085][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1953 (9.1527)
Epoch:[2085][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4822 (9.1721)
Epoch:[2085][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3485 (9.1819)
epoch 2085 finished, takes 33.4352662563324 seconds
Epoch:[2086][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6658 (9.6658)
Epoch:[2086][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3840 (9.5249)
Epoch:[2086][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4954 (9.5151)
Epoch:[2086][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0660 (9.4028)
Epoch:[2086][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1821 (9.3587)
Epoch:[2086][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0988 (9.3154)
Epoch:[2086][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8508 (9.2490)
Epoch:[2086][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0266 (9.2212)
Epoch:[2086][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4381 (9.2453)
Epoch:[2086][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9759 (9.2183)
Epoch:[2086][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2218 (9.2187)
Epoch:[2086][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6898 (9.2579)
Epoch:[2086][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6068 (9.2848)
Epoch:[2086][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2259 (9.2806)
Epoch:[2086][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5057 (9.2956)
Epoch:[2086][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9526 (9.2741)
Epoch:[2086][16/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8368 (9.2484)
Epoch:[2086][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1762 (9.2444)
epoch 2086 finished, takes 34.48615026473999 seconds
Epoch:[2087][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1073 (9.1073)
Epoch:[2087][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8818 (8.9945)
Epoch:[2087][ 2/18]	Time 1.59 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8223 (8.9371)
Epoch:[2087][ 3/18]	Time 2.17 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5158 (9.0818)
Epoch:[2087][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5740 (8.9802)
Epoch:[2087][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4702 (9.0619)
Epoch:[2087][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1143 (9.0694)
Epoch:[2087][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3196 (9.1006)
Epoch:[2087][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2943 (9.1222)
Epoch:[2087][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6532 (9.1753)
Epoch:[2087][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3867 (9.1945)
Epoch:[2087][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5749 (9.2262)
Epoch:[2087][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2245 (9.2261)
Epoch:[2087][13/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6496 (9.2563)
Epoch:[2087][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3869 (9.2650)
Epoch:[2087][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8644 (9.2400)
Epoch:[2087][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1851 (9.2368)
Epoch:[2087][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0866 (9.2284)
epoch 2087 finished, takes 34.26308012008667 seconds
Epoch:[2088][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2894 (9.2894)
Epoch:[2088][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6259 (8.9577)
Epoch:[2088][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2757 (9.0637)
Epoch:[2088][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8137 (9.0012)
Epoch:[2088][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5190 (9.1047)
Epoch:[2088][ 5/18]	Time 2.22 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2174 (9.1235)
Epoch:[2088][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2227 (9.1377)
Epoch:[2088][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9319 (9.2370)
Epoch:[2088][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7767 (9.1858)
Epoch:[2088][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6090 (9.2281)
Epoch:[2088][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9820 (9.2058)
Epoch:[2088][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0407 (9.1920)
Epoch:[2088][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3339 (9.2029)
Epoch:[2088][13/18]	Time 2.25 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6939 (9.2380)
Epoch:[2088][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1995 (9.2354)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5602373294620635  precision:  0.6129761514729187  f1:  0.5061611707904397 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73913043 0.74568289 0.18829009 0.1387797 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7434916240679175  precision:  0.7641570442019526  f1:  0.7453294047761214 perclass recall:  [0.95654994 0.6125     0.79464286 0.74603175 0.68101266 0.7002457
 0.761079   0.6958711 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7037729160050242  precision:  0.704724108969657  f1:  0.690583118416226 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.43320611 0.90151515 0.51426799]
Epoch:[2088][15/18]	Time 12.16 (2.54)	Data 10.34 (0.65)	Loss 9.4309 (9.2476)
Epoch:[2088][16/18]	Time 1.83 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.0102 (9.2337)
Epoch:[2088][17/18]	Time 1.90 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.2311 (9.2335)
epoch 2088 finished, takes 44.344489336013794 seconds
Epoch:[2089][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1759 (9.1759)
Epoch:[2089][ 1/18]	Time 1.64 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8617 (9.0188)
Epoch:[2089][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1531 (9.0636)
Epoch:[2089][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8827 (9.0183)
Epoch:[2089][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0033 (9.0153)
Epoch:[2089][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7516 (8.9714)
Epoch:[2089][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6970 (8.9322)
Epoch:[2089][ 7/18]	Time 2.31 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5524 (9.0097)
Epoch:[2089][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0715 (9.0166)
Epoch:[2089][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1275 (9.0277)
Epoch:[2089][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3026 (9.0527)
Epoch:[2089][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9316 (9.0426)
Epoch:[2089][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6977 (9.0930)
Epoch:[2089][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9078 (9.0797)
Epoch:[2089][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7581 (9.0583)
Epoch:[2089][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2606 (9.0709)
Epoch:[2089][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8778 (9.0596)
Epoch:[2089][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3266 (9.0744)
epoch 2089 finished, takes 33.285661935806274 seconds
Epoch:[2090][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2904 (9.2904)
Epoch:[2090][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3521 (9.3213)
Epoch:[2090][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0209 (9.2212)
Epoch:[2090][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1515 (9.2037)
Epoch:[2090][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6693 (9.0969)
Epoch:[2090][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2158 (9.1167)
Epoch:[2090][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0291 (9.1042)
Epoch:[2090][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2620 (9.1239)
Epoch:[2090][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0188 (9.1122)
Epoch:[2090][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1069 (9.1117)
Epoch:[2090][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7288 (9.1678)
Epoch:[2090][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2018 (9.1706)
Epoch:[2090][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1412 (9.1684)
Epoch:[2090][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7023 (9.2065)
Epoch:[2090][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4101 (9.2201)
Epoch:[2090][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3896 (9.2307)
Epoch:[2090][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2730 (9.2332)
Epoch:[2090][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2571 (9.2345)
epoch 2090 finished, takes 33.40554094314575 seconds
Epoch:[2091][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4357 (9.4357)
Epoch:[2091][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3463 (9.3910)
Epoch:[2091][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4386 (9.4069)
Epoch:[2091][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0880 (9.3271)
Epoch:[2091][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2046 (9.3026)
Epoch:[2091][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0068 (9.2533)
Epoch:[2091][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9730 (9.2133)
Epoch:[2091][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0371 (9.1913)
Epoch:[2091][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0268 (9.1730)
Epoch:[2091][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3209 (9.1878)
Epoch:[2091][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3374 (9.2014)
Epoch:[2091][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4378 (9.2211)
Epoch:[2091][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9078 (9.1970)
Epoch:[2091][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0856 (9.1890)
Epoch:[2091][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0636 (9.1807)
Epoch:[2091][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1991 (9.1818)
Epoch:[2091][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2195 (9.1840)
Epoch:[2091][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1791 (9.1837)
epoch 2091 finished, takes 33.465460777282715 seconds
Epoch:[2092][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2724 (9.2724)
Epoch:[2092][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9558 (9.1141)
Epoch:[2092][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6090 (9.2791)
Epoch:[2092][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2428 (9.2700)
Epoch:[2092][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5676 (9.1295)
Epoch:[2092][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9149 (9.0937)
Epoch:[2092][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9772 (9.0771)
Epoch:[2092][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4651 (9.1256)
Epoch:[2092][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6914 (9.0774)
Epoch:[2092][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1934 (9.0890)
Epoch:[2092][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5194 (9.1281)
Epoch:[2092][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6275 (9.1697)
Epoch:[2092][12/18]	Time 1.61 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3078 (9.1803)
Epoch:[2092][13/18]	Time 2.16 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4289 (9.1981)
Epoch:[2092][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8195 (9.2395)
Epoch:[2092][15/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4415 (9.2521)
Epoch:[2092][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9100 (9.2320)
Epoch:[2092][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8221 (9.2092)
epoch 2092 finished, takes 32.95515823364258 seconds
Epoch:[2093][ 0/18]	Time 2.18 (2.18)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0682 (9.0682)
Epoch:[2093][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3098 (9.1890)
Epoch:[2093][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8975 (9.0918)
Epoch:[2093][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0149 (9.0726)
Epoch:[2093][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0753 (9.0731)
Epoch:[2093][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9373 (9.2172)
Epoch:[2093][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2740 (9.2253)
Epoch:[2093][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0243 (9.2002)
Epoch:[2093][ 8/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2339 (9.2039)
Epoch:[2093][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6296 (9.2465)
Epoch:[2093][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5828 (9.2771)
Epoch:[2093][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5641 (9.3010)
Epoch:[2093][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6379 (9.3269)
Epoch:[2093][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1397 (9.3135)
Epoch:[2093][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6618 (9.3367)
Epoch:[2093][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2553 (9.3317)
Epoch:[2093][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1141 (9.3189)
Epoch:[2093][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8876 (9.3505)
epoch 2093 finished, takes 33.20383024215698 seconds
Epoch:[2094][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4440 (9.4440)
Epoch:[2094][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5205 (9.4823)
Epoch:[2094][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7872 (9.2506)
Epoch:[2094][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2594 (9.2528)
Epoch:[2094][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1732 (9.2369)
Epoch:[2094][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9619 (9.1910)
Epoch:[2094][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8255 (9.1388)
Epoch:[2094][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7188 (9.2113)
Epoch:[2094][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1562 (9.2052)
Epoch:[2094][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2468 (9.2094)
Epoch:[2094][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5387 (9.2393)
Epoch:[2094][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0311 (9.2219)
Epoch:[2094][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3209 (9.2296)
Epoch:[2094][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0621 (9.2176)
Epoch:[2094][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8552 (9.1934)
Epoch:[2094][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8668 (9.2355)
Epoch:[2094][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1104 (9.2282)
Epoch:[2094][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0651 (9.2191)
epoch 2094 finished, takes 33.22740387916565 seconds
Epoch:[2095][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0257 (9.0257)
Epoch:[2095][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4047 (9.2152)
Epoch:[2095][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3447 (9.2584)
Epoch:[2095][ 3/18]	Time 1.65 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5219 (9.0743)
Epoch:[2095][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5829 (9.1760)
Epoch:[2095][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3771 (9.2095)
Epoch:[2095][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1829 (9.2057)
Epoch:[2095][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3402 (9.2225)
Epoch:[2095][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0801 (9.2067)
Epoch:[2095][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8690 (9.1729)
Epoch:[2095][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9942 (9.1567)
Epoch:[2095][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0729 (9.1497)
Epoch:[2095][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2397 (9.1566)
Epoch:[2095][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9315 (9.1405)
Epoch:[2095][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2844 (9.1501)
Epoch:[2095][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3373 (9.1618)
Epoch:[2095][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4842 (9.1808)
Epoch:[2095][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3527 (9.1903)
epoch 2095 finished, takes 33.11846566200256 seconds
Epoch:[2096][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6525 (8.6525)
Epoch:[2096][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2124 (9.4324)
Epoch:[2096][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1272 (9.3307)
Epoch:[2096][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7793 (9.4428)
Epoch:[2096][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2115 (9.3966)
Epoch:[2096][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1520 (9.3558)
Epoch:[2096][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4469 (9.3688)
Epoch:[2096][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7013 (9.2854)
Epoch:[2096][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8767 (9.2400)
Epoch:[2096][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5768 (9.2737)
Epoch:[2096][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3156 (9.2775)
Epoch:[2096][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8504 (9.2419)
Epoch:[2096][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9370 (9.2184)
Epoch:[2096][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4984 (9.2384)
Epoch:[2096][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9692 (9.2205)
Epoch:[2096][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9801 (9.2055)
Epoch:[2096][16/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4964 (9.2226)
Epoch:[2096][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4984 (9.2379)
epoch 2096 finished, takes 34.100120544433594 seconds
Epoch:[2097][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2776 (9.2776)
Epoch:[2097][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9820 (9.1298)
Epoch:[2097][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8636 (9.0411)
Epoch:[2097][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1548 (9.0695)
Epoch:[2097][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1107 (9.0777)
Epoch:[2097][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1848 (9.0956)
Epoch:[2097][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5223 (9.1566)
Epoch:[2097][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2836 (9.1724)
Epoch:[2097][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0808 (9.1623)
Epoch:[2097][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1780 (9.1638)
Epoch:[2097][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9564 (9.1450)
Epoch:[2097][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0930 (9.1406)
Epoch:[2097][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3610 (9.1576)
Epoch:[2097][13/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2225 (9.1622)
Epoch:[2097][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2677 (9.1693)
Epoch:[2097][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4001 (9.1837)
Epoch:[2097][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6901 (9.2135)
Epoch:[2097][17/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1314 (9.2089)
epoch 2097 finished, takes 34.620532512664795 seconds
Epoch:[2098][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2847 (9.2847)
Epoch:[2098][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9532 (9.1189)
Epoch:[2098][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4275 (9.2218)
Epoch:[2098][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1285 (9.1985)
Epoch:[2098][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1096 (9.1807)
Epoch:[2098][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0279 (9.1552)
Epoch:[2098][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6311 (9.2232)
Epoch:[2098][ 7/18]	Time 1.57 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1175 (9.2100)
Epoch:[2098][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2539 (9.2149)
Epoch:[2098][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8536 (9.1788)
Epoch:[2098][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6291 (9.2197)
Epoch:[2098][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3979 (9.2345)
Epoch:[2098][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9470 (9.2124)
Epoch:[2098][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8448 (9.1862)
Epoch:[2098][14/18]	Time 1.59 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5851 (9.2128)
Epoch:[2098][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0856 (9.2048)
Epoch:[2098][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1204 (9.1999)
Epoch:[2098][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3731 (9.2095)
epoch 2098 finished, takes 33.692386865615845 seconds
Epoch:[2099][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4242 (9.4242)
Epoch:[2099][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0142 (9.2192)
Epoch:[2099][ 2/18]	Time 2.17 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0646 (9.1677)
Epoch:[2099][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4875 (9.2476)
Epoch:[2099][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9560 (9.1893)
Epoch:[2099][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6382 (9.2641)
Epoch:[2099][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5660 (9.3072)
Epoch:[2099][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4797 (9.3288)
Epoch:[2099][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1804 (9.3123)
Epoch:[2099][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6393 (9.3450)
Epoch:[2099][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3757 (9.3478)
Epoch:[2099][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1626 (9.3324)
Epoch:[2099][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5243 (9.2702)
Epoch:[2099][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4306 (9.2817)
Epoch:[2099][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7858 (9.2486)
Epoch:[2099][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3999 (9.2581)
Epoch:[2099][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6511 (9.2812)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5597147000643878  precision:  0.6088605753193008  f1:  0.5050012338084884 perclass recall:  [0.98954124 0.73984554 0.74607535 0.18928809 0.13382328]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7439463400962714  precision:  0.7637381766078404  f1:  0.7458744782497886 perclass recall:  [0.95784695 0.6125     0.796875   0.74603175 0.6835443  0.69287469
 0.76300578 0.69889225]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7036179093046316  precision:  0.7048518675296426  f1:  0.690578165421701 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.43320611 0.90151515 0.51488834]
Epoch:[2099][17/18]	Time 12.30 (2.47)	Data 10.38 (0.58)	Loss 9.6807 (9.3034)
epoch 2099 finished, takes 44.53276348114014 seconds
Epoch:[2100][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1226 (9.1226)
Epoch:[2100][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1373 (9.1300)
Epoch:[2100][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8039 (9.0213)
Epoch:[2100][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3293 (9.0983)
Epoch:[2100][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1496 (9.1085)
Epoch:[2100][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9609 (9.0839)
Epoch:[2100][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2042 (9.1011)
Epoch:[2100][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0732 (9.0976)
Epoch:[2100][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9991 (9.0867)
Epoch:[2100][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1482 (9.0928)
Epoch:[2100][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9060 (9.0759)
Epoch:[2100][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8243 (9.0549)
Epoch:[2100][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7854 (9.0342)
Epoch:[2100][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6637 (9.0077)
Epoch:[2100][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0721 (9.0120)
Epoch:[2100][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8673 (9.0030)
Epoch:[2100][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6476 (9.0409)
Epoch:[2100][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2212 (9.0509)
epoch 2100 finished, takes 33.79129362106323 seconds
Epoch:[2101][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3031 (9.3031)
Epoch:[2101][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0897 (9.1964)
Epoch:[2101][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4094 (9.2674)
Epoch:[2101][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5541 (9.3390)
Epoch:[2101][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2933 (9.3299)
Epoch:[2101][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2396 (9.3148)
Epoch:[2101][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4124 (9.3288)
Epoch:[2101][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5906 (9.3615)
Epoch:[2101][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2937 (9.3540)
Epoch:[2101][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0845 (9.4270)
Epoch:[2101][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9478 (9.3835)
Epoch:[2101][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0363 (9.3545)
Epoch:[2101][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4128 (9.3590)
Epoch:[2101][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2862 (9.3538)
Epoch:[2101][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1594 (9.3409)
Epoch:[2101][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9030 (9.3135)
Epoch:[2101][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9136 (9.2900)
Epoch:[2101][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1371 (9.2815)
epoch 2101 finished, takes 33.27029490470886 seconds
Epoch:[2102][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4271 (9.4271)
Epoch:[2102][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8769 (9.1520)
Epoch:[2102][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9527 (9.0856)
Epoch:[2102][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5530 (9.2024)
Epoch:[2102][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2155 (9.2050)
Epoch:[2102][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1950 (9.2034)
Epoch:[2102][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9618 (9.1689)
Epoch:[2102][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3054 (9.1859)
Epoch:[2102][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0361 (9.1693)
Epoch:[2102][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2642 (9.1788)
Epoch:[2102][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0573 (9.1677)
Epoch:[2102][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5663 (9.2009)
Epoch:[2102][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8464 (9.1737)
Epoch:[2102][13/18]	Time 2.13 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3474 (9.1861)
Epoch:[2102][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6985 (9.1536)
Epoch:[2102][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6791 (9.1864)
Epoch:[2102][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7493 (9.2195)
Epoch:[2102][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2877 (9.2233)
epoch 2102 finished, takes 33.22580814361572 seconds
Epoch:[2103][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3580 (9.3580)
Epoch:[2103][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1249 (9.2415)
Epoch:[2103][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0979 (9.1936)
Epoch:[2103][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6736 (9.3136)
Epoch:[2103][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2569 (9.3023)
Epoch:[2103][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6672 (9.3631)
Epoch:[2103][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9068 (9.2979)
Epoch:[2103][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2960 (9.2977)
Epoch:[2103][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7369 (9.2354)
Epoch:[2103][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0399 (9.2158)
Epoch:[2103][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3943 (9.2321)
Epoch:[2103][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9046 (9.2048)
Epoch:[2103][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1429 (9.2000)
Epoch:[2103][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8774 (9.1770)
Epoch:[2103][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1763 (9.1769)
Epoch:[2103][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4161 (9.1919)
Epoch:[2103][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4166 (9.2051)
Epoch:[2103][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7615 (9.2360)
epoch 2103 finished, takes 33.34454035758972 seconds
Epoch:[2104][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5377 (9.5377)
Epoch:[2104][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2808 (9.4092)
Epoch:[2104][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5203 (9.1129)
Epoch:[2104][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0729 (9.1029)
Epoch:[2104][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4284 (9.1680)
Epoch:[2104][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0869 (9.1545)
Epoch:[2104][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5691 (9.2137)
Epoch:[2104][ 7/18]	Time 2.28 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0318 (9.1910)
Epoch:[2104][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2372 (9.1961)
Epoch:[2104][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5473 (9.2312)
Epoch:[2104][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0306 (9.2130)
Epoch:[2104][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2387 (9.2151)
Epoch:[2104][12/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0776 (9.2046)
Epoch:[2104][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4995 (9.2256)
Epoch:[2104][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1060 (9.2176)
Epoch:[2104][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1152 (9.2112)
Epoch:[2104][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3186 (9.2176)
Epoch:[2104][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3760 (9.2264)
epoch 2104 finished, takes 34.657678842544556 seconds
Epoch:[2105][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0640 (9.0640)
Epoch:[2105][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9367 (9.0003)
Epoch:[2105][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3572 (9.1193)
Epoch:[2105][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1548 (9.1282)
Epoch:[2105][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0268 (9.1079)
Epoch:[2105][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2037 (9.1239)
Epoch:[2105][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5545 (9.1854)
Epoch:[2105][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2000 (9.1872)
Epoch:[2105][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2608 (9.1954)
Epoch:[2105][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4398 (9.2198)
Epoch:[2105][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1207 (9.2108)
Epoch:[2105][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9606 (9.1900)
Epoch:[2105][12/18]	Time 1.59 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1928 (9.1902)
Epoch:[2105][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4715 (9.2103)
Epoch:[2105][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3305 (9.2183)
Epoch:[2105][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0533 (9.2080)
Epoch:[2105][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9524 (9.1929)
Epoch:[2105][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5644 (9.2136)
epoch 2105 finished, takes 33.5327935218811 seconds
Epoch:[2106][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4671 (9.4671)
Epoch:[2106][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3272 (9.3971)
Epoch:[2106][ 2/18]	Time 1.62 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2298 (9.3414)
Epoch:[2106][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6530 (9.4193)
Epoch:[2106][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1531 (9.3660)
Epoch:[2106][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6612 (9.4152)
Epoch:[2106][ 6/18]	Time 2.25 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2325 (9.3891)
Epoch:[2106][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3036 (9.3784)
Epoch:[2106][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2315 (9.3621)
Epoch:[2106][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3338 (9.3593)
Epoch:[2106][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9285 (9.3201)
Epoch:[2106][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1606 (9.3068)
Epoch:[2106][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9734 (9.2812)
Epoch:[2106][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5038 (9.2971)
Epoch:[2106][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0057 (9.2777)
Epoch:[2106][15/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5363 (9.2938)
Epoch:[2106][16/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0068 (9.2769)
Epoch:[2106][17/18]	Time 1.59 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9946 (9.2613)
epoch 2106 finished, takes 33.830095291137695 seconds
Epoch:[2107][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3613 (9.3613)
Epoch:[2107][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8867 (9.1240)
Epoch:[2107][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9654 (9.0711)
Epoch:[2107][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4903 (9.1759)
Epoch:[2107][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1125 (9.1632)
Epoch:[2107][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9515 (9.1279)
Epoch:[2107][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4607 (9.1755)
Epoch:[2107][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1623 (9.1738)
Epoch:[2107][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0942 (9.1650)
Epoch:[2107][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4455 (9.1930)
Epoch:[2107][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3353 (9.2060)
Epoch:[2107][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6762 (9.2452)
Epoch:[2107][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1097 (9.2347)
Epoch:[2107][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8973 (9.2106)
Epoch:[2107][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7338 (9.1788)
Epoch:[2107][15/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4649 (9.1967)
Epoch:[2107][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0584 (9.1886)
Epoch:[2107][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9416 (9.1749)
epoch 2107 finished, takes 33.7431583404541 seconds
Epoch:[2108][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5580 (9.5580)
Epoch:[2108][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6959 (9.6270)
Epoch:[2108][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6105 (9.6215)
Epoch:[2108][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1634 (9.5070)
Epoch:[2108][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6072 (9.5270)
Epoch:[2108][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8275 (9.4104)
Epoch:[2108][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9404 (9.3433)
Epoch:[2108][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1141 (9.3146)
Epoch:[2108][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0703 (9.2875)
Epoch:[2108][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0193 (9.2607)
Epoch:[2108][10/18]	Time 2.17 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0920 (9.2453)
Epoch:[2108][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7187 (9.2848)
Epoch:[2108][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1915 (9.2776)
Epoch:[2108][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9034 (9.3223)
Epoch:[2108][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8568 (9.2913)
Epoch:[2108][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1583 (9.2830)
Epoch:[2108][16/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1226 (9.2735)
Epoch:[2108][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2153 (9.2703)
epoch 2108 finished, takes 33.78468585014343 seconds
Epoch:[2109][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0740 (9.0740)
Epoch:[2109][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1715 (9.1228)
Epoch:[2109][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5180 (8.9212)
Epoch:[2109][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2250 (8.9972)
Epoch:[2109][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1010 (9.0179)
Epoch:[2109][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8444 (8.9890)
Epoch:[2109][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5047 (9.0627)
Epoch:[2109][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5851 (9.1280)
Epoch:[2109][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2388 (9.1403)
Epoch:[2109][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3700 (9.1633)
Epoch:[2109][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1572 (9.1627)
Epoch:[2109][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5354 (9.1938)
Epoch:[2109][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2060 (9.1947)
Epoch:[2109][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4912 (9.2159)
Epoch:[2109][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8355 (9.1905)
Epoch:[2109][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1579 (9.1885)
Epoch:[2109][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2097 (9.1897)
Epoch:[2109][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3474 (9.1985)
epoch 2109 finished, takes 33.653756618499756 seconds
Epoch:[2110][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4411 (9.4411)
Epoch:[2110][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4603 (9.4507)
Epoch:[2110][ 2/18]	Time 1.60 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9427 (9.2814)
Epoch:[2110][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3759 (9.3050)
Epoch:[2110][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0069 (9.2454)
Epoch:[2110][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5765 (9.3006)
Epoch:[2110][ 6/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4496 (9.3219)
Epoch:[2110][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6612 (9.3643)
Epoch:[2110][ 8/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0876 (9.3335)
Epoch:[2110][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1204 (9.3122)
Epoch:[2110][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9830 (9.2823)
Epoch:[2110][11/18]	Time 1.64 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8814 (9.2489)
Epoch:[2110][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8524 (9.2184)
Epoch:[2110][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0862 (9.2089)
Epoch:[2110][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1437 (9.2046)
Epoch:[2110][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5383 (9.1630)
Epoch:[2110][16/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3328 (9.1729)
Epoch:[2110][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4357 (9.1875)
epoch 2110 finished, takes 33.72187328338623 seconds
Epoch:[2111][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6361 (9.6361)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5591418237108521  precision:  0.607660143678641  f1:  0.5040072294968155 perclass recall:  [0.98906584 0.73998856 0.74764521 0.18928809 0.12972142]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7443564024501633  precision:  0.7644670563199218  f1:  0.7463482848674461 perclass recall:  [0.95849546 0.61666667 0.796875   0.74376417 0.68860759 0.6953317
 0.75722543 0.6978852 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7044626835687127  precision:  0.7044972793418567  f1:  0.6907967111806143 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96331522 0.96899225 0.4389313  0.9030303  0.51116625]
Epoch:[2111][ 1/18]	Time 12.63 (7.32)	Data 10.62 (5.31)	Loss 9.6061 (9.6211)
Epoch:[2111][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (5.50)	Data 0.00 (3.54)	Loss 9.4594 (9.5672)
Epoch:[2111][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (4.56)	Data 0.00 (2.66)	Loss 9.4490 (9.5376)
Epoch:[2111][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (4.06)	Data 0.00 (2.13)	Loss 10.0545 (9.6410)
Epoch:[2111][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (3.66)	Data 0.00 (1.77)	Loss 9.1478 (9.5588)
Epoch:[2111][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (3.40)	Data 0.00 (1.52)	Loss 9.2776 (9.5186)
Epoch:[2111][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (3.22)	Data 0.00 (1.33)	Loss 9.0989 (9.4662)
Epoch:[2111][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (3.07)	Data 0.00 (1.18)	Loss 8.9536 (9.4092)
Epoch:[2111][ 9/18]	Time 1.64 (2.93)	Data 0.00 (1.06)	Loss 9.1024 (9.3785)
Epoch:[2111][10/18]	Time 1.63 (2.81)	Data 0.00 (0.97)	Loss 8.6739 (9.3145)
Epoch:[2111][11/18]	Time 1.79 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.89)	Loss 8.8912 (9.2792)
Epoch:[2111][12/18]	Time 1.84 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 9.3960 (9.2882)
Epoch:[2111][13/18]	Time 1.88 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 9.1029 (9.2750)
Epoch:[2111][14/18]	Time 1.72 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 9.4486 (9.2865)
Epoch:[2111][15/18]	Time 1.74 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.2498 (9.2842)
Epoch:[2111][16/18]	Time 2.26 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 9.2319 (9.2812)
Epoch:[2111][17/18]	Time 1.83 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.1800 (9.2755)
epoch 2111 finished, takes 43.97844123840332 seconds
Epoch:[2112][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0819 (9.0819)
Epoch:[2112][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0596 (9.0708)
Epoch:[2112][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0056 (9.0490)
Epoch:[2112][ 3/18]	Time 2.22 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3585 (9.1264)
Epoch:[2112][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0614 (9.1134)
Epoch:[2112][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2643 (9.1386)
Epoch:[2112][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5017 (9.1904)
Epoch:[2112][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6879 (9.1276)
Epoch:[2112][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3405 (9.1513)
Epoch:[2112][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8382 (9.1200)
Epoch:[2112][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2028 (9.1275)
Epoch:[2112][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2216 (9.1353)
Epoch:[2112][12/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9679 (9.1225)
Epoch:[2112][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5835 (9.1554)
Epoch:[2112][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0719 (9.1498)
Epoch:[2112][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9022 (9.1343)
Epoch:[2112][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3036 (9.1443)
Epoch:[2112][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4007 (9.1585)
epoch 2112 finished, takes 33.64150834083557 seconds
Epoch:[2113][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2274 (9.2274)
Epoch:[2113][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6701 (8.9487)
Epoch:[2113][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2261 (9.0412)
Epoch:[2113][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3585 (9.1205)
Epoch:[2113][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6905 (9.2345)
Epoch:[2113][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8768 (9.1749)
Epoch:[2113][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5726 (9.2317)
Epoch:[2113][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6892 (9.2889)
Epoch:[2113][ 8/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2999 (9.2901)
Epoch:[2113][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0639 (9.2675)
Epoch:[2113][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9117 (9.2351)
Epoch:[2113][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9554 (9.2118)
Epoch:[2113][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8453 (9.1836)
Epoch:[2113][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3203 (9.1934)
Epoch:[2113][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1083 (9.1877)
Epoch:[2113][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0461 (9.1789)
Epoch:[2113][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2224 (9.1814)
Epoch:[2113][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2589 (9.1857)
epoch 2113 finished, takes 34.03163290023804 seconds
Epoch:[2114][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4381 (9.4381)
Epoch:[2114][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9312 (9.1846)
Epoch:[2114][ 2/18]	Time 2.18 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7509 (9.0400)
Epoch:[2114][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4025 (9.1307)
Epoch:[2114][ 4/18]	Time 1.58 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0537 (9.1153)
Epoch:[2114][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0551 (9.1053)
Epoch:[2114][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8407 (9.2103)
Epoch:[2114][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7029 (9.1469)
Epoch:[2114][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1268 (9.1447)
Epoch:[2114][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3915 (9.1693)
Epoch:[2114][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3560 (9.1863)
Epoch:[2114][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3600 (9.2008)
Epoch:[2114][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6456 (9.2350)
Epoch:[2114][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4887 (9.2531)
Epoch:[2114][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5977 (9.2761)
Epoch:[2114][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9905 (9.2583)
Epoch:[2114][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0044 (9.2433)
Epoch:[2114][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4910 (9.2571)
epoch 2114 finished, takes 34.09989261627197 seconds
Epoch:[2115][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2389 (9.2389)
Epoch:[2115][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1240 (9.1814)
Epoch:[2115][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9323 (9.4317)
Epoch:[2115][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4108 (9.4265)
Epoch:[2115][ 4/18]	Time 2.20 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4918 (9.4396)
Epoch:[2115][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9916 (9.3649)
Epoch:[2115][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0382 (9.3182)
Epoch:[2115][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0838 (9.2889)
Epoch:[2115][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0619 (9.2637)
Epoch:[2115][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7150 (9.3088)
Epoch:[2115][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8577 (9.3587)
Epoch:[2115][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2259 (9.3477)
Epoch:[2115][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4775 (9.3576)
Epoch:[2115][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9329 (9.3273)
Epoch:[2115][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2215 (9.3203)
Epoch:[2115][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4318 (9.2647)
Epoch:[2115][16/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0242 (9.2506)
Epoch:[2115][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8048 (9.2258)
epoch 2115 finished, takes 33.483213663101196 seconds
Epoch:[2116][ 0/18]	Time 1.58 (1.58)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3934 (9.3934)
Epoch:[2116][ 1/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2206 (9.3070)
Epoch:[2116][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8795 (9.1645)
Epoch:[2116][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0023 (9.1240)
Epoch:[2116][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3409 (9.1674)
Epoch:[2116][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4529 (9.2149)
Epoch:[2116][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0035 (9.1847)
Epoch:[2116][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0589 (9.1690)
Epoch:[2116][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1407 (9.1659)
Epoch:[2116][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1549 (9.1648)
Epoch:[2116][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3821 (9.1845)
Epoch:[2116][11/18]	Time 2.26 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1285 (9.1799)
Epoch:[2116][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2361 (9.1842)
Epoch:[2116][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4544 (9.2035)
Epoch:[2116][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4056 (9.2170)
Epoch:[2116][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1004 (9.2097)
Epoch:[2116][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2928 (9.2146)
Epoch:[2116][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1636 (9.2117)
epoch 2116 finished, takes 34.276853799819946 seconds
Epoch:[2117][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8850 (8.8850)
Epoch:[2117][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3824 (9.1337)
Epoch:[2117][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1738 (9.1471)
Epoch:[2117][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1921 (9.1583)
Epoch:[2117][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0528 (9.1372)
Epoch:[2117][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4565 (9.1904)
Epoch:[2117][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0442 (9.1695)
Epoch:[2117][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6285 (9.1019)
Epoch:[2117][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9796 (9.0883)
Epoch:[2117][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2514 (9.1046)
Epoch:[2117][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1119 (9.1053)
Epoch:[2117][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9872 (9.0955)
Epoch:[2117][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8645 (9.1546)
Epoch:[2117][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0280 (9.1456)
Epoch:[2117][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8327 (9.1247)
Epoch:[2117][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3596 (9.1394)
Epoch:[2117][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4124 (9.1555)
Epoch:[2117][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4523 (9.1720)
epoch 2117 finished, takes 33.546003341674805 seconds
Epoch:[2118][ 0/18]	Time 2.10 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7013 (9.7013)
Epoch:[2118][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3701 (9.5357)
Epoch:[2118][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0063 (9.3592)
Epoch:[2118][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1840 (9.3154)
Epoch:[2118][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9797 (9.2483)
Epoch:[2118][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2969 (9.2564)
Epoch:[2118][ 6/18]	Time 2.21 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4108 (9.2785)
Epoch:[2118][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1904 (9.2675)
Epoch:[2118][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6779 (9.2020)
Epoch:[2118][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8727 (9.1690)
Epoch:[2118][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9502 (9.1491)
Epoch:[2118][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1320 (9.1477)
Epoch:[2118][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2963 (9.1591)
Epoch:[2118][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9182 (9.1419)
Epoch:[2118][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5158 (9.1668)
Epoch:[2118][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2148 (9.1698)
Epoch:[2118][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3101 (9.1781)
Epoch:[2118][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7047 (9.2074)
epoch 2118 finished, takes 34.17915964126587 seconds
Epoch:[2119][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4830 (9.4830)
Epoch:[2119][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1483 (9.3156)
Epoch:[2119][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1443 (9.2585)
Epoch:[2119][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1325 (9.2270)
Epoch:[2119][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1395 (9.2095)
Epoch:[2119][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2474 (9.2158)
Epoch:[2119][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7476 (9.1490)
Epoch:[2119][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9438 (9.1233)
Epoch:[2119][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7626 (9.1943)
Epoch:[2119][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2794 (9.2029)
Epoch:[2119][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0512 (9.1891)
Epoch:[2119][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0266 (9.1755)
Epoch:[2119][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8769 (9.1525)
Epoch:[2119][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0640 (9.1462)
Epoch:[2119][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2727 (9.1547)
Epoch:[2119][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4198 (9.1712)
Epoch:[2119][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2012 (9.1730)
Epoch:[2119][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4577 (9.1888)
epoch 2119 finished, takes 33.95518946647644 seconds
Epoch:[2120][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5475 (9.5475)
Epoch:[2120][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6548 (9.6012)
Epoch:[2120][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2722 (9.4915)
Epoch:[2120][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2722 (9.4367)
Epoch:[2120][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1804 (9.3854)
Epoch:[2120][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1471 (9.3457)
Epoch:[2120][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7063 (9.2544)
Epoch:[2120][ 7/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7947 (9.3219)
Epoch:[2120][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6294 (9.3561)
Epoch:[2120][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8220 (9.4027)
Epoch:[2120][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6626 (9.3354)
Epoch:[2120][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8826 (9.2976)
Epoch:[2120][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1076 (9.2830)
Epoch:[2120][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0378 (9.2655)
Epoch:[2120][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9537 (9.2447)
Epoch:[2120][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4353 (9.2566)
Epoch:[2120][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1721 (9.2517)
Epoch:[2120][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6769 (9.2753)
epoch 2120 finished, takes 33.366239070892334 seconds
Epoch:[2121][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5395 (9.5395)
Epoch:[2121][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9815 (9.2605)
Epoch:[2121][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6213 (9.3808)
Epoch:[2121][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1107 (9.3133)
Epoch:[2121][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2402 (9.2987)
Epoch:[2121][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3069 (9.3000)
Epoch:[2121][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3377 (9.3054)
Epoch:[2121][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0697 (9.2759)
Epoch:[2121][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5782 (9.1984)
Epoch:[2121][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9797 (9.1765)
Epoch:[2121][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7190 (9.1350)
Epoch:[2121][11/18]	Time 2.19 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1471 (9.1360)
Epoch:[2121][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3489 (9.1523)
Epoch:[2121][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1799 (9.1543)
Epoch:[2121][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.2883 (9.2299)
Epoch:[2121][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0257 (9.2171)
Epoch:[2121][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3841 (9.2270)
Epoch:[2121][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3653 (9.2347)
epoch 2121 finished, takes 34.24464511871338 seconds
Epoch:[2122][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1642 (9.1642)
Epoch:[2122][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8122 (8.9882)
Epoch:[2122][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9637 (8.9801)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5606571690357656  precision:  0.6142507020791923  f1:  0.5063654799974179 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74041762 0.74803768 0.18845642 0.13707059]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7433086754570721  precision:  0.763966448190145  f1:  0.7453579451146545 perclass recall:  [0.95784695 0.61041667 0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.6953317
 0.75529865 0.69889225]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7039438679228818  precision:  0.7043346825811749  f1:  0.6906333959343395 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.90151515 0.5130273 ]
Epoch:[2122][ 3/18]	Time 12.28 (4.47)	Data 10.30 (2.58)	Loss 9.1015 (9.0104)
Epoch:[2122][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (3.94)	Data 0.00 (2.06)	Loss 8.9464 (8.9976)
Epoch:[2122][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (3.60)	Data 0.00 (1.72)	Loss 9.4865 (9.0791)
Epoch:[2122][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (3.34)	Data 0.00 (1.47)	Loss 8.7680 (9.0346)
Epoch:[2122][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (3.18)	Data 0.00 (1.29)	Loss 9.4501 (9.0866)
Epoch:[2122][ 8/18]	Time 2.16 (3.06)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.2686 (9.1068)
Epoch:[2122][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (2.93)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.0745 (9.1036)
Epoch:[2122][10/18]	Time 1.95 (2.84)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.0447 (9.0982)
Epoch:[2122][11/18]	Time 1.97 (2.77)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.4351 (9.1263)
Epoch:[2122][12/18]	Time 1.72 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.1603 (9.1289)
Epoch:[2122][13/18]	Time 1.94 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 8.6864 (9.0973)
Epoch:[2122][14/18]	Time 1.96 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.0497 (9.0941)
Epoch:[2122][15/18]	Time 1.69 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.5341 (9.1216)
Epoch:[2122][16/18]	Time 1.69 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.3922 (9.1375)
Epoch:[2122][17/18]	Time 1.76 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 8.9661 (9.1280)
epoch 2122 finished, takes 44.00961446762085 seconds
Epoch:[2123][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8510 (8.8510)
Epoch:[2123][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3321 (9.0916)
Epoch:[2123][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3730 (9.1854)
Epoch:[2123][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2891 (9.2113)
Epoch:[2123][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9900 (9.1671)
Epoch:[2123][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4424 (9.2129)
Epoch:[2123][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3154 (9.2276)
Epoch:[2123][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6177 (9.2764)
Epoch:[2123][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1894 (9.2667)
Epoch:[2123][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7991 (9.2199)
Epoch:[2123][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0470 (9.2042)
Epoch:[2123][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3114 (9.2131)
Epoch:[2123][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1297 (9.2067)
Epoch:[2123][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6838 (9.2408)
Epoch:[2123][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4171 (9.2526)
Epoch:[2123][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7153 (9.2190)
Epoch:[2123][16/18]	Time 1.57 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8675 (9.1983)
Epoch:[2123][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0018 (9.1874)
epoch 2123 finished, takes 33.28000783920288 seconds
Epoch:[2124][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1267 (9.1267)
Epoch:[2124][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2303 (9.1785)
Epoch:[2124][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8358 (9.0643)
Epoch:[2124][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3158 (9.1271)
Epoch:[2124][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7360 (9.0489)
Epoch:[2124][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3054 (9.0917)
Epoch:[2124][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3654 (9.1308)
Epoch:[2124][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4946 (9.1763)
Epoch:[2124][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9369 (9.1497)
Epoch:[2124][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2164 (9.1563)
Epoch:[2124][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1915 (9.1595)
Epoch:[2124][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8423 (9.1331)
Epoch:[2124][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7081 (9.1004)
Epoch:[2124][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9558 (9.0901)
Epoch:[2124][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3345 (9.1064)
Epoch:[2124][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3652 (9.1226)
Epoch:[2124][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7628 (9.1014)
Epoch:[2124][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0678 (9.0995)
epoch 2124 finished, takes 32.94327235221863 seconds
Epoch:[2125][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2134 (9.2134)
Epoch:[2125][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3721 (9.2928)
Epoch:[2125][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4923 (9.3593)
Epoch:[2125][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8971 (9.2437)
Epoch:[2125][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7385 (9.3427)
Epoch:[2125][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3701 (9.3473)
Epoch:[2125][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5794 (9.3804)
Epoch:[2125][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0522 (9.3394)
Epoch:[2125][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2366 (9.3280)
Epoch:[2125][ 9/18]	Time 2.21 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2487 (9.3200)
Epoch:[2125][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0612 (9.2965)
Epoch:[2125][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4615 (9.3103)
Epoch:[2125][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8127 (9.2720)
Epoch:[2125][13/18]	Time 1.54 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0162 (9.2537)
Epoch:[2125][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0164 (9.2379)
Epoch:[2125][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0194 (9.2242)
Epoch:[2125][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1361 (9.2190)
Epoch:[2125][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2620 (9.2214)
epoch 2125 finished, takes 33.27673554420471 seconds
Epoch:[2126][ 0/18]	Time 1.48 (1.48)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5756 (9.5756)
Epoch:[2126][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2224 (9.3990)
Epoch:[2126][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0991 (9.2990)
Epoch:[2126][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5336 (9.3577)
Epoch:[2126][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4248 (9.3711)
Epoch:[2126][ 5/18]	Time 1.62 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1673 (9.3371)
Epoch:[2126][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7993 (9.4032)
Epoch:[2126][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1413 (9.3704)
Epoch:[2126][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3059 (9.3633)
Epoch:[2126][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1162 (9.3385)
Epoch:[2126][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3000 (9.3350)
Epoch:[2126][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5357 (9.3518)
Epoch:[2126][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7742 (9.3073)
Epoch:[2126][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9048 (9.2786)
Epoch:[2126][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6951 (9.3064)
Epoch:[2126][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8617 (9.2786)
Epoch:[2126][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7212 (9.2458)
Epoch:[2126][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5975 (9.2653)
epoch 2126 finished, takes 33.931862115859985 seconds
Epoch:[2127][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9143 (8.9143)
Epoch:[2127][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5443 (9.2293)
Epoch:[2127][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3719 (9.2768)
Epoch:[2127][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3540 (9.2961)
Epoch:[2127][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6222 (9.1613)
Epoch:[2127][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9846 (9.1319)
Epoch:[2127][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2275 (9.1455)
Epoch:[2127][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6138 (9.0791)
Epoch:[2127][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7523 (9.1539)
Epoch:[2127][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5691 (9.0954)
Epoch:[2127][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6568 (9.1464)
Epoch:[2127][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4939 (9.0921)
Epoch:[2127][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7741 (9.0676)
Epoch:[2127][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4485 (9.0948)
Epoch:[2127][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1474 (9.0983)
Epoch:[2127][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4686 (9.1215)
Epoch:[2127][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8727 (9.1068)
Epoch:[2127][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3633 (9.1211)
epoch 2127 finished, takes 32.6692271232605 seconds
Epoch:[2128][ 0/18]	Time 2.15 (2.15)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1296 (9.1296)
Epoch:[2128][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3330 (9.2313)
Epoch:[2128][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8776 (9.4467)
Epoch:[2128][ 3/18]	Time 1.60 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2120 (9.3880)
Epoch:[2128][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4144 (9.3933)
Epoch:[2128][ 5/18]	Time 2.19 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4629 (9.4049)
Epoch:[2128][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1165 (9.3637)
Epoch:[2128][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4573 (9.3754)
Epoch:[2128][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3574 (9.3734)
Epoch:[2128][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4009 (9.3761)
Epoch:[2128][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3938 (9.3778)
Epoch:[2128][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2690 (9.3687)
Epoch:[2128][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3104 (9.2873)
Epoch:[2128][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0864 (9.2729)
Epoch:[2128][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9424 (9.2509)
Epoch:[2128][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8318 (9.2247)
Epoch:[2128][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0272 (9.2131)
Epoch:[2128][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3236 (9.2192)
epoch 2128 finished, takes 33.77378988265991 seconds
Epoch:[2129][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9725 (8.9725)
Epoch:[2129][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4370 (9.2047)
Epoch:[2129][ 2/18]	Time 2.20 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8729 (9.0941)
Epoch:[2129][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9990 (9.0704)
Epoch:[2129][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7204 (9.0004)
Epoch:[2129][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9487 (8.9917)
Epoch:[2129][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4332 (9.0548)
Epoch:[2129][ 7/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4408 (9.1031)
Epoch:[2129][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5012 (9.1473)
Epoch:[2129][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2035 (9.1529)
Epoch:[2129][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2165 (9.1587)
Epoch:[2129][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6023 (9.1957)
Epoch:[2129][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5968 (9.1496)
Epoch:[2129][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0853 (9.1450)
Epoch:[2129][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6209 (9.1767)
Epoch:[2129][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8850 (9.1585)
Epoch:[2129][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0645 (9.1530)
Epoch:[2129][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2585 (9.1588)
epoch 2129 finished, takes 34.016902923583984 seconds
Epoch:[2130][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1015 (9.1015)
Epoch:[2130][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5725 (9.3370)
Epoch:[2130][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1915 (9.2885)
Epoch:[2130][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9530 (9.2046)
Epoch:[2130][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8344 (9.1306)
Epoch:[2130][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6090 (9.2103)
Epoch:[2130][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6799 (9.2774)
Epoch:[2130][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1076 (9.2562)
Epoch:[2130][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4931 (9.2825)
Epoch:[2130][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3580 (9.2900)
Epoch:[2130][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8232 (9.2476)
Epoch:[2130][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2263 (9.2458)
Epoch:[2130][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2481 (9.2460)
Epoch:[2130][13/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3228 (9.2515)
Epoch:[2130][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9231 (9.2296)
Epoch:[2130][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0930 (9.2211)
Epoch:[2130][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0680 (9.2121)
Epoch:[2130][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4605 (9.2259)
epoch 2130 finished, takes 33.691389322280884 seconds
Epoch:[2131][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1266 (9.1266)
Epoch:[2131][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9423 (9.0345)
Epoch:[2131][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6322 (8.9004)
Epoch:[2131][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6138 (8.8287)
Epoch:[2131][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9316 (8.8493)
Epoch:[2131][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0650 (8.8852)
Epoch:[2131][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3803 (8.9560)
Epoch:[2131][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4939 (9.0232)
Epoch:[2131][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7336 (9.1021)
Epoch:[2131][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4562 (9.1375)
Epoch:[2131][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3732 (9.1590)
Epoch:[2131][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9385 (9.1406)
Epoch:[2131][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9067 (9.1226)
Epoch:[2131][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2973 (9.1351)
Epoch:[2131][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4521 (9.1562)
Epoch:[2131][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9171 (9.1413)
Epoch:[2131][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2885 (9.1499)
Epoch:[2131][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1854 (9.1519)
epoch 2131 finished, takes 33.825352907180786 seconds
Epoch:[2132][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2194 (9.2194)
Epoch:[2132][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4928 (9.3561)
Epoch:[2132][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0683 (9.2602)
Epoch:[2132][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3968 (9.2943)
Epoch:[2132][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0648 (9.2484)
Epoch:[2132][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2343 (9.2461)
Epoch:[2132][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0675 (9.2206)
Epoch:[2132][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1591 (9.2129)
Epoch:[2132][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0311 (9.1927)
Epoch:[2132][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9536 (9.1688)
Epoch:[2132][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3229 (9.1828)
Epoch:[2132][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9240 (9.1612)
Epoch:[2132][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1413 (9.1597)
Epoch:[2132][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6971 (9.1266)
Epoch:[2132][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3615 (9.1423)
Epoch:[2132][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6838 (9.1762)
Epoch:[2132][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1806 (9.1764)
Epoch:[2132][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8503 (9.1583)
epoch 2132 finished, takes 33.40292143821716 seconds
Epoch:[2133][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9726 (8.9726)
Epoch:[2133][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4582 (9.2154)
Epoch:[2133][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2512 (9.2273)
Epoch:[2133][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6338 (9.3289)
Epoch:[2133][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2084 (9.3048)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5580334645688447  precision:  0.6056972821432062  f1:  0.5019843928051171 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.7402746  0.74803768 0.18795742 0.12459409]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7432566426873457  precision:  0.7644823351751058  f1:  0.7452947894919285 perclass recall:  [0.95784695 0.60416667 0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7002457
 0.75722543 0.6978852 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7046602916940042  precision:  0.7049915770587489  f1:  0.6914041468874816 perclass recall:  [0.44692737 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.90151515 0.51364764]
Epoch:[2133][ 5/18]	Time 12.35 (3.58)	Data 10.35 (1.73)	Loss 8.9989 (9.2538)
Epoch:[2133][ 6/18]	Time 1.64 (3.30)	Data 0.00 (1.48)	Loss 8.9681 (9.2130)
Epoch:[2133][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (3.10)	Data 0.00 (1.30)	Loss 8.6863 (9.1472)
Epoch:[2133][ 8/18]	Time 1.60 (2.93)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 8.8524 (9.1144)
Epoch:[2133][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (2.82)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 8.9352 (9.0965)
Epoch:[2133][10/18]	Time 2.03 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.6261 (9.1447)
Epoch:[2133][11/18]	Time 1.96 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.1074 (9.1415)
Epoch:[2133][12/18]	Time 1.83 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.5192 (9.1706)
Epoch:[2133][13/18]	Time 1.65 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.1367 (9.1682)
Epoch:[2133][14/18]	Time 2.04 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.2215 (9.1717)
Epoch:[2133][15/18]	Time 1.84 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.3371 (9.1821)
Epoch:[2133][16/18]	Time 1.99 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.5187 (9.2019)
Epoch:[2133][17/18]	Time 1.77 (2.41)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 8.8137 (9.1803)
epoch 2133 finished, takes 43.333691358566284 seconds
Epoch:[2134][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3576 (9.3576)
Epoch:[2134][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2739 (9.3157)
Epoch:[2134][ 2/18]	Time 2.13 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1578 (9.2631)
Epoch:[2134][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4451 (9.3086)
Epoch:[2134][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8335 (9.2136)
Epoch:[2134][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2923 (9.2267)
Epoch:[2134][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0761 (9.2052)
Epoch:[2134][ 7/18]	Time 2.21 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6332 (9.2587)
Epoch:[2134][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7444 (9.2016)
Epoch:[2134][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9668 (9.2781)
Epoch:[2134][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5064 (9.2988)
Epoch:[2134][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2461 (9.2944)
Epoch:[2134][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2167 (9.2885)
Epoch:[2134][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6858 (9.3168)
Epoch:[2134][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2909 (9.3151)
Epoch:[2134][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9872 (9.2946)
Epoch:[2134][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2331 (9.2910)
Epoch:[2134][17/18]	Time 2.16 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2598 (9.2893)
epoch 2134 finished, takes 34.45093750953674 seconds
Epoch:[2135][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7027 (8.7027)
Epoch:[2135][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2525 (8.9776)
Epoch:[2135][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4633 (9.1395)
Epoch:[2135][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1821 (9.1502)
Epoch:[2135][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8505 (9.2902)
Epoch:[2135][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9329 (9.2307)
Epoch:[2135][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3639 (9.2497)
Epoch:[2135][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8701 (9.2022)
Epoch:[2135][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0557 (9.1860)
Epoch:[2135][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0654 (9.1739)
Epoch:[2135][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0897 (9.2572)
Epoch:[2135][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3273 (9.2630)
Epoch:[2135][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1652 (9.2555)
Epoch:[2135][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2300 (9.2537)
Epoch:[2135][14/18]	Time 2.17 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0316 (9.2389)
Epoch:[2135][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7547 (9.2711)
Epoch:[2135][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9289 (9.3098)
Epoch:[2135][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2093 (9.3042)
epoch 2135 finished, takes 33.24759101867676 seconds
Epoch:[2136][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4090 (9.4090)
Epoch:[2136][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0676 (9.2383)
Epoch:[2136][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2695 (9.2487)
Epoch:[2136][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9449 (9.1727)
Epoch:[2136][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3474 (9.2077)
Epoch:[2136][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9298 (9.1614)
Epoch:[2136][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6613 (9.0899)
Epoch:[2136][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5277 (9.1447)
Epoch:[2136][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1267 (9.1427)
Epoch:[2136][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4819 (9.1766)
Epoch:[2136][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5581 (9.2113)
Epoch:[2136][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5024 (9.2355)
Epoch:[2136][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8322 (9.2814)
Epoch:[2136][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3359 (9.2853)
Epoch:[2136][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3083 (9.2869)
Epoch:[2136][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3702 (9.2921)
Epoch:[2136][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4031 (9.2986)
Epoch:[2136][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5662 (9.3135)
epoch 2136 finished, takes 33.906776905059814 seconds
Epoch:[2137][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8029 (8.8029)
Epoch:[2137][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2338 (9.0183)
Epoch:[2137][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2328 (9.0898)
Epoch:[2137][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1869 (9.1141)
Epoch:[2137][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2270 (9.1367)
Epoch:[2137][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8178 (9.2502)
Epoch:[2137][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9766 (9.2111)
Epoch:[2137][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5426 (9.2525)
Epoch:[2137][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3455 (9.2629)
Epoch:[2137][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1107 (9.2477)
Epoch:[2137][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3150 (9.2538)
Epoch:[2137][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8905 (9.2235)
Epoch:[2137][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7343 (9.1859)
Epoch:[2137][13/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7126 (9.2235)
Epoch:[2137][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1409 (9.2847)
Epoch:[2137][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5554 (9.2391)
Epoch:[2137][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8625 (9.2169)
Epoch:[2137][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0502 (9.2077)
epoch 2137 finished, takes 34.26730155944824 seconds
Epoch:[2138][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3877 (9.3877)
Epoch:[2138][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8929 (9.6403)
Epoch:[2138][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5206 (9.6004)
Epoch:[2138][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1118 (9.4783)
Epoch:[2138][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8393 (9.3505)
Epoch:[2138][ 5/18]	Time 2.20 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6055 (9.3930)
Epoch:[2138][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7075 (9.2950)
Epoch:[2138][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3068 (9.2965)
Epoch:[2138][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3474 (9.3022)
Epoch:[2138][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0733 (9.2793)
Epoch:[2138][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8163 (9.2372)
Epoch:[2138][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6243 (9.2694)
Epoch:[2138][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3497 (9.2756)
Epoch:[2138][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3463 (9.2807)
Epoch:[2138][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1668 (9.2731)
Epoch:[2138][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0771 (9.2608)
Epoch:[2138][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4038 (9.2692)
Epoch:[2138][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6544 (9.2351)
epoch 2138 finished, takes 33.31189250946045 seconds
Epoch:[2139][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9130 (8.9130)
Epoch:[2139][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0183 (8.9656)
Epoch:[2139][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1053 (9.0122)
Epoch:[2139][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9953 (9.0080)
Epoch:[2139][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5507 (9.1165)
Epoch:[2139][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8366 (9.0699)
Epoch:[2139][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4601 (9.1256)
Epoch:[2139][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4919 (9.1714)
Epoch:[2139][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1129 (9.1649)
Epoch:[2139][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3678 (9.1852)
Epoch:[2139][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1059 (9.1780)
Epoch:[2139][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1160 (9.1728)
Epoch:[2139][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0147 (9.1607)
Epoch:[2139][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3403 (9.1735)
Epoch:[2139][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1793 (9.1739)
Epoch:[2139][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1155 (9.1702)
Epoch:[2139][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8947 (9.1540)
Epoch:[2139][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3391 (9.1643)
epoch 2139 finished, takes 33.748608350753784 seconds
Epoch:[2140][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1705 (9.1705)
Epoch:[2140][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3015 (9.2360)
Epoch:[2140][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7225 (9.3982)
Epoch:[2140][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8175 (9.2530)
Epoch:[2140][ 4/18]	Time 2.19 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4099 (9.2844)
Epoch:[2140][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5811 (9.1672)
Epoch:[2140][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9641 (9.1381)
Epoch:[2140][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1923 (9.1449)
Epoch:[2140][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8045 (9.2182)
Epoch:[2140][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2567 (9.2221)
Epoch:[2140][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0770 (9.2089)
Epoch:[2140][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8882 (9.1821)
Epoch:[2140][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8540 (9.1569)
Epoch:[2140][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1307 (9.1550)
Epoch:[2140][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2605 (9.1621)
Epoch:[2140][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2470 (9.1674)
Epoch:[2140][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5375 (9.1891)
Epoch:[2140][17/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8560 (9.2262)
epoch 2140 finished, takes 34.0487585067749 seconds
Epoch:[2141][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1232 (9.1232)
Epoch:[2141][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6708 (8.8970)
Epoch:[2141][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7618 (8.8520)
Epoch:[2141][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8912 (8.8618)
Epoch:[2141][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3620 (8.9618)
Epoch:[2141][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5058 (9.0525)
Epoch:[2141][ 6/18]	Time 2.19 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0257 (9.0487)
Epoch:[2141][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3773 (9.0897)
Epoch:[2141][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9803 (9.0776)
Epoch:[2141][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1629 (9.0861)
Epoch:[2141][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1808 (9.0947)
Epoch:[2141][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2443 (9.1072)
Epoch:[2141][12/18]	Time 1.64 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7782 (9.0819)
Epoch:[2141][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7032 (9.1263)
Epoch:[2141][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9370 (9.1136)
Epoch:[2141][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4421 (9.1342)
Epoch:[2141][16/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3681 (9.1479)
Epoch:[2141][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9292 (9.1358)
epoch 2141 finished, takes 34.2817120552063 seconds
Epoch:[2142][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3316 (9.3316)
Epoch:[2142][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0319 (9.1818)
Epoch:[2142][ 2/18]	Time 1.57 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4278 (9.2638)
Epoch:[2142][ 3/18]	Time 2.12 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7673 (9.1397)
Epoch:[2142][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8562 (9.0830)
Epoch:[2142][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4026 (9.1362)
Epoch:[2142][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2260 (9.1491)
Epoch:[2142][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7242 (9.0960)
Epoch:[2142][ 8/18]	Time 2.19 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1365 (9.1005)
Epoch:[2142][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9176 (9.0822)
Epoch:[2142][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7539 (9.0523)
Epoch:[2142][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1232 (9.0582)
Epoch:[2142][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0502 (9.0576)
Epoch:[2142][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1230 (9.0623)
Epoch:[2142][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8421 (9.0476)
Epoch:[2142][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3309 (9.0653)
Epoch:[2142][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9850 (9.0606)
Epoch:[2142][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0732 (9.0613)
epoch 2142 finished, takes 33.33381414413452 seconds
Epoch:[2143][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3671 (9.3671)
Epoch:[2143][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0488 (9.2079)
Epoch:[2143][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0419 (9.1526)
Epoch:[2143][ 3/18]	Time 2.17 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1742 (9.1580)
Epoch:[2143][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8927 (9.1049)
Epoch:[2143][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7420 (9.2111)
Epoch:[2143][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3670 (9.2334)
Epoch:[2143][ 7/18]	Time 1.56 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1897 (9.2279)
Epoch:[2143][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1513 (9.2194)
Epoch:[2143][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0203 (9.1995)
Epoch:[2143][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3940 (9.2172)
Epoch:[2143][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8401 (9.1858)
Epoch:[2143][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0490 (9.1752)
Epoch:[2143][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0734 (9.1680)
Epoch:[2143][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7037 (9.2037)
Epoch:[2143][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8254 (9.2425)
Epoch:[2143][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8402 (9.2189)
Epoch:[2143][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9537 (9.2041)
epoch 2143 finished, takes 34.375245332717896 seconds
Epoch:[2144][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1780 (9.1780)
Epoch:[2144][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5349 (9.3564)
Epoch:[2144][ 2/18]	Time 2.23 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5991 (9.4373)
Epoch:[2144][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3121 (9.4060)
Epoch:[2144][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0241 (9.3296)
Epoch:[2144][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8324 (9.2468)
Epoch:[2144][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5441 (9.2892)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5567053924941826  precision:  0.602765870944479  f1:  0.49973929754886015 perclass recall:  [0.98954124 0.74041762 0.74803768 0.18845642 0.117074  ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7430919153874611  precision:  0.7640967766861764  f1:  0.7449318157930591 perclass recall:  [0.95784695 0.60625    0.796875   0.74603175 0.68101266 0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69486405]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.703522410532698  precision:  0.7039417028415969  f1:  0.6901843498317742 perclass recall:  [0.44134078 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.90151515 0.51240695]
Epoch:[2144][ 7/18]	Time 12.78 (3.28)	Data 10.69 (1.34)	Loss 9.1801 (9.2756)
Epoch:[2144][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (3.14)	Data 0.00 (1.19)	Loss 9.1033 (9.2565)
Epoch:[2144][ 9/18]	Time 1.63 (2.99)	Data 0.00 (1.07)	Loss 9.3414 (9.2650)
Epoch:[2144][10/18]	Time 1.59 (2.86)	Data 0.00 (0.97)	Loss 9.5183 (9.2880)
Epoch:[2144][11/18]	Time 1.75 (2.77)	Data 0.00 (0.89)	Loss 9.2864 (9.2879)
Epoch:[2144][12/18]	Time 2.09 (2.72)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 9.3183 (9.2902)
Epoch:[2144][13/18]	Time 2.15 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 9.7233 (9.3211)
Epoch:[2144][14/18]	Time 1.67 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 9.1764 (9.3115)
Epoch:[2144][15/18]	Time 1.73 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 9.2782 (9.3094)
Epoch:[2144][16/18]	Time 1.66 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 8.7910 (9.2789)
Epoch:[2144][17/18]	Time 1.95 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.2116 (9.2752)
epoch 2144 finished, takes 44.47802519798279 seconds
Epoch:[2145][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1761 (9.1761)
Epoch:[2145][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3156 (9.2458)
Epoch:[2145][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8915 (9.1277)
Epoch:[2145][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1380 (9.1303)
Epoch:[2145][ 4/18]	Time 2.23 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8065 (9.0655)
Epoch:[2145][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2466 (9.0957)
Epoch:[2145][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2363 (9.1158)
Epoch:[2145][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1551 (9.1207)
Epoch:[2145][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4485 (9.1571)
Epoch:[2145][ 9/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4143 (9.1828)
Epoch:[2145][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1530 (9.1801)
Epoch:[2145][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5576 (9.2116)
Epoch:[2145][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1009 (9.2031)
Epoch:[2145][13/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4028 (9.2173)
Epoch:[2145][14/18]	Time 2.32 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6836 (9.2484)
Epoch:[2145][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1393 (9.2416)
Epoch:[2145][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6096 (9.2632)
Epoch:[2145][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8738 (9.2416)
epoch 2145 finished, takes 33.54858589172363 seconds
Epoch:[2146][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8521 (8.8521)
Epoch:[2146][ 1/18]	Time 2.17 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2301 (9.0411)
Epoch:[2146][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0886 (9.0569)
Epoch:[2146][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0676 (9.0596)
Epoch:[2146][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1491 (9.0775)
Epoch:[2146][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9954 (9.0638)
Epoch:[2146][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6681 (9.1501)
Epoch:[2146][ 7/18]	Time 1.62 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3068 (9.1697)
Epoch:[2146][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2614 (9.1799)
Epoch:[2146][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1905 (9.1810)
Epoch:[2146][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6538 (9.2240)
Epoch:[2146][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2244 (9.2240)
Epoch:[2146][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7240 (9.2625)
Epoch:[2146][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8943 (9.2362)
Epoch:[2146][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5694 (9.2584)
Epoch:[2146][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2101 (9.2554)
Epoch:[2146][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1801 (9.2509)
Epoch:[2146][17/18]	Time 1.52 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5455 (9.2673)
epoch 2146 finished, takes 33.17448830604553 seconds
Epoch:[2147][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6096 (8.6096)
Epoch:[2147][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6107 (9.1101)
Epoch:[2147][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8244 (9.0149)
Epoch:[2147][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8961 (8.9852)
Epoch:[2147][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0078 (8.9897)
Epoch:[2147][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8932 (8.9736)
Epoch:[2147][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7880 (9.0900)
Epoch:[2147][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4263 (9.1320)
Epoch:[2147][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1183 (9.1305)
Epoch:[2147][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9826 (9.1157)
Epoch:[2147][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8955 (9.0957)
Epoch:[2147][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5036 (9.1297)
Epoch:[2147][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9705 (9.1174)
Epoch:[2147][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8603 (9.0991)
Epoch:[2147][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6081 (9.0663)
Epoch:[2147][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9401 (9.0584)
Epoch:[2147][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2130 (9.0675)
Epoch:[2147][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9776 (9.0625)
epoch 2147 finished, takes 33.442829847335815 seconds
Epoch:[2148][ 0/18]	Time 2.14 (2.14)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1580 (9.1580)
Epoch:[2148][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0402 (9.0991)
Epoch:[2148][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3553 (9.1845)
Epoch:[2148][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2850 (9.2096)
Epoch:[2148][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5296 (9.2736)
Epoch:[2148][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8496 (9.2029)
Epoch:[2148][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3971 (9.2307)
Epoch:[2148][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8973 (9.1890)
Epoch:[2148][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1897 (9.1891)
Epoch:[2148][ 9/18]	Time 1.58 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2819 (9.1984)
Epoch:[2148][10/18]	Time 2.22 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9234 (9.1734)
Epoch:[2148][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8391 (9.2289)
Epoch:[2148][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8233 (9.2746)
Epoch:[2148][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1585 (9.2663)
Epoch:[2148][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8693 (9.2398)
Epoch:[2148][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2181 (9.2385)
Epoch:[2148][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4833 (9.2529)
Epoch:[2148][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0344 (9.2407)
epoch 2148 finished, takes 33.861004114151 seconds
Epoch:[2149][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3039 (9.3039)
Epoch:[2149][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3195 (9.3117)
Epoch:[2149][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8165 (9.1467)
Epoch:[2149][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9090 (9.0872)
Epoch:[2149][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7447 (9.0187)
Epoch:[2149][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2174 (9.0518)
Epoch:[2149][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7050 (9.0023)
Epoch:[2149][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1310 (9.0184)
Epoch:[2149][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9552 (9.0114)
Epoch:[2149][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4259 (9.0528)
Epoch:[2149][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1212 (9.0590)
Epoch:[2149][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3962 (9.0871)
Epoch:[2149][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0725 (9.0860)
Epoch:[2149][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7445 (9.0616)
Epoch:[2149][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1890 (9.0701)
Epoch:[2149][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9327 (9.0615)
Epoch:[2149][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5806 (9.0920)
Epoch:[2149][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0959 (9.0923)
epoch 2149 finished, takes 32.8969988822937 seconds
Epoch:[2150][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1164 (9.1164)
Epoch:[2150][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8926 (9.0045)
Epoch:[2150][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0937 (9.0342)
Epoch:[2150][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1719 (9.0687)
Epoch:[2150][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8902 (9.0330)
Epoch:[2150][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8448 (9.0016)
Epoch:[2150][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9983 (9.0011)
Epoch:[2150][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3355 (9.0429)
Epoch:[2150][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8334 (9.1308)
Epoch:[2150][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0611 (9.1238)
Epoch:[2150][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9757 (9.1103)
Epoch:[2150][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7705 (9.0820)
Epoch:[2150][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3310 (9.1012)
Epoch:[2150][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3340 (9.1178)
Epoch:[2150][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0838 (9.1155)
Epoch:[2150][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2260 (9.1224)
Epoch:[2150][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4052 (9.1391)
Epoch:[2150][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8218 (9.1770)
epoch 2150 finished, takes 33.711636781692505 seconds
Epoch:[2151][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9462 (8.9462)
Epoch:[2151][ 1/18]	Time 2.34 (2.13)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0308 (8.9885)
Epoch:[2151][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1755 (9.0508)
Epoch:[2151][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9535 (9.0265)
Epoch:[2151][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3581 (9.0928)
Epoch:[2151][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4221 (9.1477)
Epoch:[2151][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7627 (9.0927)
Epoch:[2151][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0656 (9.0893)
Epoch:[2151][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8017 (9.0574)
Epoch:[2151][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9628 (9.0479)
Epoch:[2151][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5149 (9.0904)
Epoch:[2151][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9072 (9.0751)
Epoch:[2151][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8716 (9.0594)
Epoch:[2151][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6025 (9.0982)
Epoch:[2151][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4733 (9.1232)
Epoch:[2151][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8870 (9.1085)
Epoch:[2151][16/18]	Time 2.16 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0547 (9.1053)
Epoch:[2151][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9088 (9.0944)
epoch 2151 finished, takes 34.57380676269531 seconds
Epoch:[2152][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1710 (9.1710)
Epoch:[2152][ 1/18]	Time 2.19 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9221 (9.0465)
Epoch:[2152][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1720 (9.0884)
Epoch:[2152][ 3/18]	Time 2.12 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0273 (9.0731)
Epoch:[2152][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5637 (8.9712)
Epoch:[2152][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4588 (9.0525)
Epoch:[2152][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0156 (9.0472)
Epoch:[2152][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0955 (9.0533)
Epoch:[2152][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7503 (9.0196)
Epoch:[2152][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4631 (9.0639)
Epoch:[2152][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3206 (9.0873)
Epoch:[2152][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2515 (9.1010)
Epoch:[2152][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9063 (9.0860)
Epoch:[2152][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8019 (9.1371)
Epoch:[2152][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1197 (9.1360)
Epoch:[2152][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1623 (9.1376)
Epoch:[2152][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2692 (9.1454)
Epoch:[2152][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8500 (9.1289)
epoch 2152 finished, takes 33.984708070755005 seconds
Epoch:[2153][ 0/18]	Time 2.23 (2.23)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1081 (9.1081)
Epoch:[2153][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1821 (9.1451)
Epoch:[2153][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4089 (9.2330)
Epoch:[2153][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0630 (9.1905)
Epoch:[2153][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6982 (9.0921)
Epoch:[2153][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6698 (9.1883)
Epoch:[2153][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3133 (9.2062)
Epoch:[2153][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3472 (9.2238)
Epoch:[2153][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1021 (9.2103)
Epoch:[2153][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9800 (9.1873)
Epoch:[2153][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8297 (9.2457)
Epoch:[2153][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8902 (9.2160)
Epoch:[2153][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1251 (9.2090)
Epoch:[2153][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1117 (9.2021)
Epoch:[2153][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3361 (9.2110)
Epoch:[2153][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2017 (9.2104)
Epoch:[2153][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3632 (9.2194)
Epoch:[2153][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1592 (9.2161)
epoch 2153 finished, takes 34.39801025390625 seconds
Epoch:[2154][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9306 (8.9306)
Epoch:[2154][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7131 (8.8218)
Epoch:[2154][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2978 (8.9805)
Epoch:[2154][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0641 (9.0014)
Epoch:[2154][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0955 (9.0202)
Epoch:[2154][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0396 (9.0234)
Epoch:[2154][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1001 (9.0344)
Epoch:[2154][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4129 (9.0817)
Epoch:[2154][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2946 (9.1054)
Epoch:[2154][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2788 (9.1227)
Epoch:[2154][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2125 (9.1309)
Epoch:[2154][11/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0254 (9.1221)
Epoch:[2154][12/18]	Time 2.25 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1252 (9.1223)
Epoch:[2154][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7166 (9.1648)
Epoch:[2154][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1144 (9.1614)
Epoch:[2154][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6540 (9.1922)
Epoch:[2154][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1567 (9.1901)
Epoch:[2154][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3541 (9.1992)
epoch 2154 finished, takes 33.60721802711487 seconds
Epoch:[2155][ 0/18]	Time 1.56 (1.56)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2392 (9.2392)
Epoch:[2155][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2496 (9.2444)
Epoch:[2155][ 2/18]	Time 1.60 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0642 (9.1843)
Epoch:[2155][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9781 (9.1328)
Epoch:[2155][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4376 (9.1937)
Epoch:[2155][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3318 (9.2167)
Epoch:[2155][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2101 (9.2158)
Epoch:[2155][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6119 (9.1403)
Epoch:[2155][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9557 (9.1198)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5585702245972916  precision:  0.6067822343732725  f1:  0.5028971279695075 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74041762 0.74803768 0.18878909 0.1263032 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7433599613445854  precision:  0.7647099935441058  f1:  0.7451231369973332 perclass recall:  [0.95849546 0.60833333 0.796875   0.7414966  0.6835443  0.71007371
 0.75722543 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7037963847324124  precision:  0.7044028712722966  f1:  0.6904936776043408 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4389313  0.90151515 0.5130273 ]
Epoch:[2155][ 9/18]	Time 12.36 (2.86)	Data 10.48 (1.05)	Loss 8.8024 (9.0881)
Epoch:[2155][10/18]	Time 1.93 (2.77)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 9.4919 (9.1248)
Epoch:[2155][11/18]	Time 1.79 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 9.5114 (9.1570)
Epoch:[2155][12/18]	Time 1.94 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 9.4748 (9.1814)
Epoch:[2155][13/18]	Time 1.73 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.4299 (9.1992)
Epoch:[2155][14/18]	Time 1.86 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.0926 (9.1921)
Epoch:[2155][15/18]	Time 1.96 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 9.1519 (9.1896)
Epoch:[2155][16/18]	Time 1.84 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 8.9881 (9.1777)
Epoch:[2155][17/18]	Time 1.90 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.2089 (9.1794)
epoch 2155 finished, takes 43.56330895423889 seconds
Epoch:[2156][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0687 (9.0687)
Epoch:[2156][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4598 (9.2642)
Epoch:[2156][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0490 (9.1925)
Epoch:[2156][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0785 (9.1640)
Epoch:[2156][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4545 (9.2221)
Epoch:[2156][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4451 (9.2593)
Epoch:[2156][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8780 (9.2048)
Epoch:[2156][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2753 (9.2136)
Epoch:[2156][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9319 (9.1823)
Epoch:[2156][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6387 (9.1279)
Epoch:[2156][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4596 (9.1581)
Epoch:[2156][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3491 (9.1740)
Epoch:[2156][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2080 (9.1766)
Epoch:[2156][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6407 (9.2098)
Epoch:[2156][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1148 (9.2034)
Epoch:[2156][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3314 (9.2114)
Epoch:[2156][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3168 (9.2176)
Epoch:[2156][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6979 (9.1888)
epoch 2156 finished, takes 33.323725938797 seconds
Epoch:[2157][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1764 (9.1764)
Epoch:[2157][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9666 (9.0715)
Epoch:[2157][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1886 (9.1105)
Epoch:[2157][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1597 (9.1228)
Epoch:[2157][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0631 (9.1109)
Epoch:[2157][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7546 (9.0515)
Epoch:[2157][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8603 (9.0242)
Epoch:[2157][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3435 (9.0641)
Epoch:[2157][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9508 (9.0515)
Epoch:[2157][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2820 (9.0746)
Epoch:[2157][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1648 (9.0828)
Epoch:[2157][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0586 (9.0807)
Epoch:[2157][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0641 (9.0795)
Epoch:[2157][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1404 (9.0838)
Epoch:[2157][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2581 (9.0954)
Epoch:[2157][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3664 (9.1124)
Epoch:[2157][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6352 (9.1431)
Epoch:[2157][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1892 (9.1457)
epoch 2157 finished, takes 33.44074010848999 seconds
Epoch:[2158][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1208 (9.1208)
Epoch:[2158][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3001 (9.2104)
Epoch:[2158][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4083 (9.2764)
Epoch:[2158][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1914 (9.2552)
Epoch:[2158][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5853 (9.3212)
Epoch:[2158][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1349 (9.2901)
Epoch:[2158][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2198 (9.2801)
Epoch:[2158][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0350 (9.2494)
Epoch:[2158][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7065 (9.1891)
Epoch:[2158][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8886 (9.1591)
Epoch:[2158][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7458 (9.1215)
Epoch:[2158][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1140 (9.1209)
Epoch:[2158][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1843 (9.1257)
Epoch:[2158][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0259 (9.1186)
Epoch:[2158][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2014 (9.1241)
Epoch:[2158][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0841 (9.1216)
Epoch:[2158][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8643 (9.1065)
Epoch:[2158][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2338 (9.1136)
epoch 2158 finished, takes 33.61682963371277 seconds
Epoch:[2159][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4161 (9.4161)
Epoch:[2159][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4431 (9.4296)
Epoch:[2159][ 2/18]	Time 2.26 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8525 (9.2373)
Epoch:[2159][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1136 (9.2064)
Epoch:[2159][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7194 (9.1090)
Epoch:[2159][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3755 (9.1534)
Epoch:[2159][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4915 (9.2017)
Epoch:[2159][ 7/18]	Time 2.21 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2684 (9.2100)
Epoch:[2159][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8818 (9.1735)
Epoch:[2159][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5166 (9.2079)
Epoch:[2159][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4168 (9.2268)
Epoch:[2159][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2420 (9.2281)
Epoch:[2159][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7642 (9.1924)
Epoch:[2159][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3335 (9.2025)
Epoch:[2159][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3272 (9.2108)
Epoch:[2159][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7909 (9.2471)
Epoch:[2159][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9767 (9.2312)
Epoch:[2159][17/18]	Time 2.18 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1272 (9.2254)
epoch 2159 finished, takes 33.94458055496216 seconds
Epoch:[2160][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0112 (9.0112)
Epoch:[2160][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3357 (9.1735)
Epoch:[2160][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9184 (9.0884)
Epoch:[2160][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.3038 (9.3923)
Epoch:[2160][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9312 (9.5001)
Epoch:[2160][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0558 (9.4260)
Epoch:[2160][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0103 (9.3666)
Epoch:[2160][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8264 (9.2991)
Epoch:[2160][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7812 (9.2416)
Epoch:[2160][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2475 (9.2422)
Epoch:[2160][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0722 (9.2267)
Epoch:[2160][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1874 (9.2234)
Epoch:[2160][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3323 (9.2318)
Epoch:[2160][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2183 (9.2308)
Epoch:[2160][14/18]	Time 2.33 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1316 (9.2242)
Epoch:[2160][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6025 (9.2479)
Epoch:[2160][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7492 (9.2773)
Epoch:[2160][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4480 (9.2868)
epoch 2160 finished, takes 34.134830474853516 seconds
Epoch:[2161][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6714 (8.6714)
Epoch:[2161][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7392 (9.2053)
Epoch:[2161][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9570 (9.1225)
Epoch:[2161][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3694 (9.1842)
Epoch:[2161][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1468 (9.1768)
Epoch:[2161][ 5/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0736 (9.1596)
Epoch:[2161][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2243 (9.1688)
Epoch:[2161][ 7/18]	Time 1.60 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9398 (9.1402)
Epoch:[2161][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3026 (9.1582)
Epoch:[2161][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7974 (9.1221)
Epoch:[2161][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2005 (9.1293)
Epoch:[2161][11/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4668 (9.1574)
Epoch:[2161][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9363 (9.1404)
Epoch:[2161][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6239 (9.1749)
Epoch:[2161][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1499 (9.1733)
Epoch:[2161][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1862 (9.1741)
Epoch:[2161][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6402 (9.1427)
Epoch:[2161][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3290 (9.1530)
epoch 2161 finished, takes 34.24605894088745 seconds
Epoch:[2162][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9611 (8.9611)
Epoch:[2162][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0039 (9.4825)
Epoch:[2162][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1046 (9.3565)
Epoch:[2162][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2802 (9.3375)
Epoch:[2162][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0882 (9.2876)
Epoch:[2162][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7051 (9.3572)
Epoch:[2162][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8322 (9.2822)
Epoch:[2162][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5909 (9.3208)
Epoch:[2162][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6418 (9.2453)
Epoch:[2162][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9796 (9.2188)
Epoch:[2162][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2613 (9.2226)
Epoch:[2162][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2343 (9.2236)
Epoch:[2162][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3609 (9.2342)
Epoch:[2162][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0723 (9.2226)
Epoch:[2162][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2227 (9.2226)
Epoch:[2162][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5993 (9.2462)
Epoch:[2162][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1685 (9.2416)
Epoch:[2162][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0212 (9.2293)
epoch 2162 finished, takes 34.21735858917236 seconds
Epoch:[2163][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0866 (9.0866)
Epoch:[2163][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2709 (9.1788)
Epoch:[2163][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3028 (9.2201)
Epoch:[2163][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1792 (9.2099)
Epoch:[2163][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7497 (9.3178)
Epoch:[2163][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1813 (9.2951)
Epoch:[2163][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9769 (9.2496)
Epoch:[2163][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3100 (9.2572)
Epoch:[2163][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0039 (9.2291)
Epoch:[2163][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2908 (9.2352)
Epoch:[2163][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3019 (9.2413)
Epoch:[2163][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3823 (9.2530)
Epoch:[2163][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9937 (9.2331)
Epoch:[2163][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1296 (9.2257)
Epoch:[2163][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0243 (9.2123)
Epoch:[2163][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8951 (9.1925)
Epoch:[2163][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5311 (9.1536)
Epoch:[2163][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3211 (9.1629)
epoch 2163 finished, takes 33.39262080192566 seconds
Epoch:[2164][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0549 (9.0549)
Epoch:[2164][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9360 (8.9955)
Epoch:[2164][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5727 (9.1879)
Epoch:[2164][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6230 (9.2967)
Epoch:[2164][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2452 (9.2864)
Epoch:[2164][ 5/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1448 (9.2628)
Epoch:[2164][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3232 (9.2714)
Epoch:[2164][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3969 (9.2871)
Epoch:[2164][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0488 (9.2606)
Epoch:[2164][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7965 (9.2142)
Epoch:[2164][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4284 (9.2337)
Epoch:[2164][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8999 (9.2059)
Epoch:[2164][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6399 (9.1623)
Epoch:[2164][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0996 (9.1579)
Epoch:[2164][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0074 (9.1478)
Epoch:[2164][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2822 (9.1562)
Epoch:[2164][16/18]	Time 1.52 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5381 (9.1787)
Epoch:[2164][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3556 (9.1885)
epoch 2164 finished, takes 33.45216226577759 seconds
Epoch:[2165][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2328 (9.2328)
Epoch:[2165][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7665 (9.4996)
Epoch:[2165][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9965 (9.3319)
Epoch:[2165][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0536 (9.2623)
Epoch:[2165][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2343 (9.2567)
Epoch:[2165][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7055 (9.3315)
Epoch:[2165][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6916 (9.3830)
Epoch:[2165][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1881 (9.3586)
Epoch:[2165][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1001 (9.3299)
Epoch:[2165][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9505 (9.2920)
Epoch:[2165][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3361 (9.2960)
Epoch:[2165][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9505 (9.2672)
Epoch:[2165][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1547 (9.2585)
Epoch:[2165][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0690 (9.2450)
Epoch:[2165][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4309 (9.2574)
Epoch:[2165][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1696 (9.2519)
Epoch:[2165][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0026 (9.2372)
Epoch:[2165][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8516 (9.2158)
epoch 2165 finished, takes 33.44606375694275 seconds
Epoch:[2166][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0632 (9.0632)
Epoch:[2166][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3289 (9.1960)
Epoch:[2166][ 2/18]	Time 1.63 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1682 (9.1868)
Epoch:[2166][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8856 (9.3615)
Epoch:[2166][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9482 (9.2788)
Epoch:[2166][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2606 (9.2758)
Epoch:[2166][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1660 (9.2601)
Epoch:[2166][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3084 (9.2661)
Epoch:[2166][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5120 (9.2934)
Epoch:[2166][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1473 (9.2788)
Epoch:[2166][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2190 (9.2734)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.557995620812388  precision:  0.6054684446235331  f1:  0.5019998597090238 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.7402746  0.74803768 0.18862275 0.12373953]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7439496252594155  precision:  0.7652641190534433  f1:  0.7457726282376114 perclass recall:  [0.95849546 0.60625    0.796875   0.74376417 0.68860759 0.70761671
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7025913118362389  precision:  0.7036419617266657  f1:  0.6893522618571617 perclass recall:  [0.43575419 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.90151515 0.51240695]
Epoch:[2166][11/18]	Time 12.19 (2.75)	Data 10.34 (0.86)	Loss 9.4099 (9.2848)
Epoch:[2166][12/18]	Time 1.80 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.0562 (9.2672)
Epoch:[2166][13/18]	Time 1.73 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.4455 (9.2799)
Epoch:[2166][14/18]	Time 1.84 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.1499 (9.2713)
Epoch:[2166][15/18]	Time 1.91 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.2503 (9.2699)
Epoch:[2166][16/18]	Time 2.10 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.3407 (9.2741)
Epoch:[2166][17/18]	Time 1.85 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 8.7268 (9.2437)
epoch 2166 finished, takes 44.20124340057373 seconds
Epoch:[2167][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4223 (9.4223)
Epoch:[2167][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8854 (9.1539)
Epoch:[2167][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0696 (9.1258)
Epoch:[2167][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4520 (9.2073)
Epoch:[2167][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3350 (9.2329)
Epoch:[2167][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8020 (9.1611)
Epoch:[2167][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2605 (9.1753)
Epoch:[2167][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1666 (9.1742)
Epoch:[2167][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3040 (9.1886)
Epoch:[2167][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2539 (9.1951)
Epoch:[2167][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1271 (9.1889)
Epoch:[2167][11/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3966 (9.2063)
Epoch:[2167][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3773 (9.2194)
Epoch:[2167][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9366 (9.1992)
Epoch:[2167][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3788 (9.1445)
Epoch:[2167][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5881 (9.1722)
Epoch:[2167][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8057 (9.1507)
Epoch:[2167][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3968 (9.1644)
epoch 2167 finished, takes 33.192079067230225 seconds
Epoch:[2168][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1143 (9.1143)
Epoch:[2168][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7496 (8.9319)
Epoch:[2168][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5308 (8.7982)
Epoch:[2168][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6982 (9.0232)
Epoch:[2168][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0772 (9.0340)
Epoch:[2168][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8637 (9.0056)
Epoch:[2168][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2349 (9.0384)
Epoch:[2168][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4083 (9.0846)
Epoch:[2168][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2566 (9.1037)
Epoch:[2168][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7098 (9.0643)
Epoch:[2168][10/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4979 (9.1038)
Epoch:[2168][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2404 (9.1151)
Epoch:[2168][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0953 (9.1136)
Epoch:[2168][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3327 (9.1293)
Epoch:[2168][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7191 (9.1019)
Epoch:[2168][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2605 (9.1118)
Epoch:[2168][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2346 (9.1191)
Epoch:[2168][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8651 (9.1049)
epoch 2168 finished, takes 33.848849058151245 seconds
Epoch:[2169][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3555 (8.3555)
Epoch:[2169][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9090 (9.1322)
Epoch:[2169][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1298 (9.1314)
Epoch:[2169][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4112 (9.2014)
Epoch:[2169][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0647 (9.1740)
Epoch:[2169][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8848 (9.1258)
Epoch:[2169][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8781 (9.2333)
Epoch:[2169][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6392 (9.2840)
Epoch:[2169][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8544 (9.2363)
Epoch:[2169][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2161 (9.2343)
Epoch:[2169][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4071 (9.2500)
Epoch:[2169][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1168 (9.2389)
Epoch:[2169][12/18]	Time 2.15 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5694 (9.2643)
Epoch:[2169][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7995 (9.3025)
Epoch:[2169][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5389 (9.3183)
Epoch:[2169][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3437 (9.3199)
Epoch:[2169][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6079 (9.3368)
Epoch:[2169][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2439 (9.3317)
epoch 2169 finished, takes 34.64542007446289 seconds
Epoch:[2170][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4597 (9.4597)
Epoch:[2170][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3435 (9.4016)
Epoch:[2170][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3290 (9.3774)
Epoch:[2170][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1616 (9.3234)
Epoch:[2170][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0600 (9.2708)
Epoch:[2170][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2171 (9.2618)
Epoch:[2170][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2657 (9.2624)
Epoch:[2170][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9489 (9.2232)
Epoch:[2170][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8115 (9.1774)
Epoch:[2170][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1930 (9.1790)
Epoch:[2170][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6518 (9.2220)
Epoch:[2170][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9541 (9.1997)
Epoch:[2170][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7478 (9.2418)
Epoch:[2170][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2297 (9.2410)
Epoch:[2170][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1416 (9.2343)
Epoch:[2170][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0113 (9.2204)
Epoch:[2170][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8600 (9.1992)
Epoch:[2170][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3198 (9.2059)
epoch 2170 finished, takes 33.187816858291626 seconds
Epoch:[2171][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6639 (8.6639)
Epoch:[2171][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7122 (8.6880)
Epoch:[2171][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0097 (8.7952)
Epoch:[2171][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2437 (8.9074)
Epoch:[2171][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0547 (8.9368)
Epoch:[2171][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8707 (8.9258)
Epoch:[2171][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8711 (9.0608)
Epoch:[2171][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5521 (8.9973)
Epoch:[2171][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2166 (9.0216)
Epoch:[2171][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5942 (9.0789)
Epoch:[2171][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9615 (9.0682)
Epoch:[2171][11/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8361 (9.1322)
Epoch:[2171][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3119 (9.1460)
Epoch:[2171][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4860 (9.1703)
Epoch:[2171][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2159 (9.1734)
Epoch:[2171][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6169 (9.2011)
Epoch:[2171][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9843 (9.1883)
Epoch:[2171][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1971 (9.1888)
epoch 2171 finished, takes 34.576237201690674 seconds
Epoch:[2172][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1089 (9.1089)
Epoch:[2172][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9841 (9.0465)
Epoch:[2172][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1026 (9.0652)
Epoch:[2172][ 3/18]	Time 2.19 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3369 (9.1331)
Epoch:[2172][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2095 (9.1484)
Epoch:[2172][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9917 (9.1223)
Epoch:[2172][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2231 (9.1367)
Epoch:[2172][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6646 (9.0777)
Epoch:[2172][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3328 (9.1060)
Epoch:[2172][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1465 (9.1101)
Epoch:[2172][10/18]	Time 2.32 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6001 (9.1546)
Epoch:[2172][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2336 (9.1612)
Epoch:[2172][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0625 (9.1536)
Epoch:[2172][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0683 (9.1475)
Epoch:[2172][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4041 (9.1646)
Epoch:[2172][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3158 (9.1741)
Epoch:[2172][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3154 (9.1824)
Epoch:[2172][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0854 (9.1770)
epoch 2172 finished, takes 33.704490661621094 seconds
Epoch:[2173][ 0/18]	Time 2.14 (2.14)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3415 (9.3415)
Epoch:[2173][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4962 (9.4189)
Epoch:[2173][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5917 (9.1431)
Epoch:[2173][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0764 (9.1265)
Epoch:[2173][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1332 (9.1278)
Epoch:[2173][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9856 (9.1041)
Epoch:[2173][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5785 (9.1719)
Epoch:[2173][ 7/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9434 (9.1433)
Epoch:[2173][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0870 (9.1371)
Epoch:[2173][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2135 (9.1447)
Epoch:[2173][10/18]	Time 2.23 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0926 (9.1400)
Epoch:[2173][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9606 (9.1250)
Epoch:[2173][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2431 (9.1341)
Epoch:[2173][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6453 (9.1706)
Epoch:[2173][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6565 (9.2030)
Epoch:[2173][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0095 (9.1909)
Epoch:[2173][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6152 (9.1570)
Epoch:[2173][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5937 (9.1813)
epoch 2173 finished, takes 34.72577142715454 seconds
Epoch:[2174][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7990 (8.7990)
Epoch:[2174][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1519 (8.9754)
Epoch:[2174][ 2/18]	Time 2.13 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7800 (9.2436)
Epoch:[2174][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9197 (9.1626)
Epoch:[2174][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5734 (9.2448)
Epoch:[2174][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4875 (9.2852)
Epoch:[2174][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9670 (9.2398)
Epoch:[2174][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4283 (9.2634)
Epoch:[2174][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9847 (9.2324)
Epoch:[2174][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5374 (9.2629)
Epoch:[2174][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0281 (9.2415)
Epoch:[2174][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5645 (9.1851)
Epoch:[2174][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5280 (9.1346)
Epoch:[2174][13/18]	Time 2.24 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2975 (9.1462)
Epoch:[2174][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4017 (9.1632)
Epoch:[2174][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7972 (9.1404)
Epoch:[2174][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8727 (9.1246)
Epoch:[2174][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4148 (9.1407)
epoch 2174 finished, takes 33.5830283164978 seconds
Epoch:[2175][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5207 (9.5207)
Epoch:[2175][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1870 (9.3539)
Epoch:[2175][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8134 (9.1737)
Epoch:[2175][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2424 (9.1909)
Epoch:[2175][ 4/18]	Time 2.14 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5695 (9.2666)
Epoch:[2175][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0822 (9.2359)
Epoch:[2175][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3997 (9.2593)
Epoch:[2175][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1013 (9.2395)
Epoch:[2175][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1280 (9.2272)
Epoch:[2175][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4674 (9.1512)
Epoch:[2175][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1911 (9.1548)
Epoch:[2175][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1488 (9.1543)
Epoch:[2175][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7046 (9.1197)
Epoch:[2175][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0393 (9.1140)
Epoch:[2175][14/18]	Time 2.24 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3286 (9.1283)
Epoch:[2175][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6236 (9.0967)
Epoch:[2175][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0801 (9.0958)
Epoch:[2175][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8145 (9.1357)
epoch 2175 finished, takes 33.54845118522644 seconds
Epoch:[2176][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0174 (9.0174)
Epoch:[2176][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8492 (8.9333)
Epoch:[2176][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7503 (8.8723)
Epoch:[2176][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6057 (9.0557)
Epoch:[2176][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0638 (9.0573)
Epoch:[2176][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9019 (9.0314)
Epoch:[2176][ 6/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4284 (9.0881)
Epoch:[2176][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4294 (9.1308)
Epoch:[2176][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1988 (9.1383)
Epoch:[2176][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3015 (9.1546)
Epoch:[2176][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2781 (9.1659)
Epoch:[2176][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7478 (9.1310)
Epoch:[2176][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6091 (9.1678)
Epoch:[2176][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4463 (9.1877)
Epoch:[2176][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7154 (9.1562)
Epoch:[2176][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1514 (9.1559)
Epoch:[2176][16/18]	Time 2.37 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1692 (9.1567)
Epoch:[2176][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8923 (9.1420)
epoch 2176 finished, takes 33.901055574417114 seconds
Epoch:[2177][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4740 (9.4740)
Epoch:[2177][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2409 (9.3574)
Epoch:[2177][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0280 (9.2476)
Epoch:[2177][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8635 (9.1516)
Epoch:[2177][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4508 (9.2115)
Epoch:[2177][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5597 (9.2695)
Epoch:[2177][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2773 (9.2706)
Epoch:[2177][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2576 (9.2690)
Epoch:[2177][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2983 (9.2722)
Epoch:[2177][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2422 (9.2692)
Epoch:[2177][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9610 (9.3321)
Epoch:[2177][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0808 (9.3112)
Epoch:[2177][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9387 (9.2825)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5559114225479476  precision:  0.6000849699325815  f1:  0.4982060104235235 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.7402746  0.74803768 0.18845642 0.11348487]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7430797790968684  precision:  0.7652930404288444  f1:  0.7452680283717124 perclass recall:  [0.95979248 0.60416667 0.796875   0.74603175 0.6835443  0.70515971
 0.75722543 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7028438370887637  precision:  0.7038056891084886  f1:  0.6894648151554814 perclass recall:  [0.43575419 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.51240695]
Epoch:[2177][13/18]	Time 12.37 (2.65)	Data 10.35 (0.74)	Loss 9.0347 (9.2648)
Epoch:[2177][14/18]	Time 1.75 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.3685 (9.2717)
Epoch:[2177][15/18]	Time 1.86 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.1854 (9.2663)
Epoch:[2177][16/18]	Time 1.74 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.0234 (9.2520)
Epoch:[2177][17/18]	Time 1.89 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.1212 (9.2448)
epoch 2177 finished, takes 44.31200575828552 seconds
Epoch:[2178][ 0/18]	Time 2.12 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0934 (9.0934)
Epoch:[2178][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2576 (9.1755)
Epoch:[2178][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4604 (9.2705)
Epoch:[2178][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2353 (9.2617)
Epoch:[2178][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0692 (9.2232)
Epoch:[2178][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6395 (9.2926)
Epoch:[2178][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2907 (9.2923)
Epoch:[2178][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1084 (9.2693)
Epoch:[2178][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3108 (9.2739)
Epoch:[2178][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6119 (9.3077)
Epoch:[2178][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1581 (9.2941)
Epoch:[2178][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1679 (9.2836)
Epoch:[2178][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4760 (9.2984)
Epoch:[2178][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7233 (9.2573)
Epoch:[2178][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0265 (9.2419)
Epoch:[2178][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1399 (9.2355)
Epoch:[2178][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6723 (9.2024)
Epoch:[2178][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1023 (9.1968)
epoch 2178 finished, takes 34.360878467559814 seconds
Epoch:[2179][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1856 (9.1856)
Epoch:[2179][ 1/18]	Time 1.73 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5641 (9.3748)
Epoch:[2179][ 2/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1079 (9.2859)
Epoch:[2179][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2634 (9.2803)
Epoch:[2179][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8907 (9.2023)
Epoch:[2179][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2951 (9.2178)
Epoch:[2179][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4459 (9.2504)
Epoch:[2179][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1528 (9.2382)
Epoch:[2179][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4779 (9.2648)
Epoch:[2179][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1465 (9.2530)
Epoch:[2179][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3163 (9.2587)
Epoch:[2179][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2470 (9.2578)
Epoch:[2179][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8020 (9.2227)
Epoch:[2179][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1324 (9.2163)
Epoch:[2179][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2296 (9.2171)
Epoch:[2179][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2967 (9.2221)
Epoch:[2179][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0045 (9.2093)
Epoch:[2179][17/18]	Time 2.25 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2065 (9.2092)
epoch 2179 finished, takes 33.82180976867676 seconds
Epoch:[2180][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2102 (9.2102)
Epoch:[2180][ 1/18]	Time 1.63 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1691 (9.6896)
Epoch:[2180][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9445 (9.4413)
Epoch:[2180][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2139 (9.3844)
Epoch:[2180][ 4/18]	Time 2.20 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0822 (9.3240)
Epoch:[2180][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0510 (9.2785)
Epoch:[2180][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3054 (9.2823)
Epoch:[2180][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8215 (9.2247)
Epoch:[2180][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2386 (9.2263)
Epoch:[2180][ 9/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1314 (9.2168)
Epoch:[2180][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7365 (9.2640)
Epoch:[2180][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8448 (9.2291)
Epoch:[2180][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6325 (9.2601)
Epoch:[2180][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1064 (9.2491)
Epoch:[2180][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0436 (9.2354)
Epoch:[2180][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8434 (9.2109)
Epoch:[2180][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3880 (9.2214)
Epoch:[2180][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3442 (9.2282)
epoch 2180 finished, takes 33.67162108421326 seconds
Epoch:[2181][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0651 (9.0651)
Epoch:[2181][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4809 (8.7730)
Epoch:[2181][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0041 (8.8501)
Epoch:[2181][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2376 (8.9469)
Epoch:[2181][ 4/18]	Time 1.64 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1150 (8.9805)
Epoch:[2181][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1480 (9.0085)
Epoch:[2181][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3103 (9.0516)
Epoch:[2181][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8463 (9.0259)
Epoch:[2181][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4589 (9.0740)
Epoch:[2181][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8831 (9.0549)
Epoch:[2181][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9267 (9.0433)
Epoch:[2181][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1019 (9.0482)
Epoch:[2181][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0432 (9.0478)
Epoch:[2181][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6528 (9.0196)
Epoch:[2181][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3716 (9.0430)
Epoch:[2181][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6839 (9.0206)
Epoch:[2181][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1311 (9.0271)
Epoch:[2181][17/18]	Time 1.58 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7431 (9.0113)
epoch 2181 finished, takes 32.886439085006714 seconds
Epoch:[2182][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2722 (9.2722)
Epoch:[2182][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4177 (9.3449)
Epoch:[2182][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2138 (9.3012)
Epoch:[2182][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1599 (9.2659)
Epoch:[2182][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0056 (9.2139)
Epoch:[2182][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2252 (9.2157)
Epoch:[2182][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4275 (9.2460)
Epoch:[2182][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1313 (9.2317)
Epoch:[2182][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3141 (9.2408)
Epoch:[2182][ 9/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2158 (9.2383)
Epoch:[2182][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1409 (9.2295)
Epoch:[2182][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7473 (9.1893)
Epoch:[2182][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9471 (9.1706)
Epoch:[2182][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1799 (9.1713)
Epoch:[2182][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5031 (9.1934)
Epoch:[2182][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2854 (9.1992)
Epoch:[2182][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1364 (9.1955)
Epoch:[2182][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4485 (9.2095)
epoch 2182 finished, takes 33.77431774139404 seconds
Epoch:[2183][ 0/18]	Time 2.17 (2.17)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6179 (9.6179)
Epoch:[2183][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9363 (9.2771)
Epoch:[2183][ 2/18]	Time 1.64 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2537 (9.2693)
Epoch:[2183][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1823 (9.2475)
Epoch:[2183][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0717 (9.2124)
Epoch:[2183][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1636 (9.2043)
Epoch:[2183][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6377 (9.1233)
Epoch:[2183][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2325 (9.1370)
Epoch:[2183][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0921 (9.1320)
Epoch:[2183][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1032 (9.1291)
Epoch:[2183][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3018 (9.1448)
Epoch:[2183][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5749 (9.1807)
Epoch:[2183][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8668 (9.1565)
Epoch:[2183][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7073 (9.1244)
Epoch:[2183][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2547 (9.1331)
Epoch:[2183][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9674 (9.1227)
Epoch:[2183][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8400 (9.1061)
Epoch:[2183][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1728 (9.1098)
epoch 2183 finished, takes 33.43844199180603 seconds
Epoch:[2184][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1873 (9.1873)
Epoch:[2184][ 1/18]	Time 1.63 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3940 (8.7907)
Epoch:[2184][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9483 (8.8432)
Epoch:[2184][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8817 (8.8528)
Epoch:[2184][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1029 (8.9028)
Epoch:[2184][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8979 (8.9020)
Epoch:[2184][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8785 (8.8986)
Epoch:[2184][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8674 (8.8947)
Epoch:[2184][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0315 (8.9099)
Epoch:[2184][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1106 (8.9300)
Epoch:[2184][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5740 (8.9885)
Epoch:[2184][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2612 (9.0113)
Epoch:[2184][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3874 (9.0402)
Epoch:[2184][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8046 (9.0234)
Epoch:[2184][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7597 (9.0725)
Epoch:[2184][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7760 (9.0539)
Epoch:[2184][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5269 (9.0818)
Epoch:[2184][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1376 (9.0849)
epoch 2184 finished, takes 33.74504470825195 seconds
Epoch:[2185][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9554 (8.9554)
Epoch:[2185][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2754 (9.1154)
Epoch:[2185][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7803 (9.0037)
Epoch:[2185][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2759 (9.0717)
Epoch:[2185][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0811 (9.0736)
Epoch:[2185][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4577 (9.1376)
Epoch:[2185][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1196 (9.1351)
Epoch:[2185][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0081 (9.2442)
Epoch:[2185][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0569 (9.2234)
Epoch:[2185][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5436 (9.2554)
Epoch:[2185][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3012 (9.2596)
Epoch:[2185][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3303 (9.2655)
Epoch:[2185][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1599 (9.2573)
Epoch:[2185][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0530 (9.2427)
Epoch:[2185][14/18]	Time 2.28 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2510 (9.2433)
Epoch:[2185][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6991 (9.2093)
Epoch:[2185][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0439 (9.1996)
Epoch:[2185][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9330 (9.1847)
epoch 2185 finished, takes 33.922133922576904 seconds
Epoch:[2186][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5319 (9.5319)
Epoch:[2186][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9048 (9.2183)
Epoch:[2186][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1805 (9.2057)
Epoch:[2186][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5874 (9.3011)
Epoch:[2186][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9537 (9.2317)
Epoch:[2186][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7510 (9.1516)
Epoch:[2186][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7467 (9.0937)
Epoch:[2186][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6759 (9.0415)
Epoch:[2186][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5287 (9.0956)
Epoch:[2186][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9465 (9.0807)
Epoch:[2186][10/18]	Time 1.59 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2403 (9.0952)
Epoch:[2186][11/18]	Time 2.25 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2564 (9.1086)
Epoch:[2186][12/18]	Time 2.13 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5305 (9.1411)
Epoch:[2186][13/18]	Time 1.52 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9026 (9.1241)
Epoch:[2186][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8765 (9.1076)
Epoch:[2186][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2035 (9.1136)
Epoch:[2186][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0312 (9.1087)
Epoch:[2186][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8210 (9.0927)
epoch 2186 finished, takes 34.082268714904785 seconds
Epoch:[2187][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2055 (9.2055)
Epoch:[2187][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2017 (9.2036)
Epoch:[2187][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4952 (9.3008)
Epoch:[2187][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9498 (9.2130)
Epoch:[2187][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7713 (9.1247)
Epoch:[2187][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3234 (9.1578)
Epoch:[2187][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2004 (9.1639)
Epoch:[2187][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9360 (9.1354)
Epoch:[2187][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4152 (9.1665)
Epoch:[2187][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5495 (9.1048)
Epoch:[2187][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5358 (9.1440)
Epoch:[2187][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8593 (9.2036)
Epoch:[2187][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1086 (9.1963)
Epoch:[2187][13/18]	Time 2.34 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4131 (9.2118)
Epoch:[2187][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8246 (9.1860)
Epoch:[2187][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7023 (9.2182)
Epoch:[2187][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8363 (9.1958)
Epoch:[2187][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3574 (9.2047)
epoch 2187 finished, takes 33.709187030792236 seconds
Epoch:[2188][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4533 (9.4533)
Epoch:[2188][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3683 (9.4108)
Epoch:[2188][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0481 (9.2899)
Epoch:[2188][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6898 (9.3899)
Epoch:[2188][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6950 (9.2509)
Epoch:[2188][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1935 (9.2413)
Epoch:[2188][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0485 (9.2138)
Epoch:[2188][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9102 (9.1758)
Epoch:[2188][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3699 (9.1974)
Epoch:[2188][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0026 (9.1779)
Epoch:[2188][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1571 (9.1760)
Epoch:[2188][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7840 (9.1433)
Epoch:[2188][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1897 (9.1469)
Epoch:[2188][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1322 (9.1459)
Epoch:[2188][14/18]	Time 1.64 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8741 (9.1277)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5568621463434742  precision:  0.6023736365683204  f1:  0.49980732695787095 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73970252 0.74803768 0.18745842 0.11980858]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7434804111114421  precision:  0.7653604598504757  f1:  0.7455493547493552 perclass recall:  [0.95914397 0.60416667 0.796875   0.74603175 0.6835443  0.70515971
 0.761079   0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033093864369934  precision:  0.7041102394401212  f1:  0.6898920511189611 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.51240695]
Epoch:[2188][15/18]	Time 12.66 (2.45)	Data 10.58 (0.66)	Loss 9.4495 (9.1479)
Epoch:[2188][16/18]	Time 1.87 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.0868 (9.1443)
Epoch:[2188][17/18]	Time 1.87 (2.39)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.1377 (9.1439)
epoch 2188 finished, takes 43.03399133682251 seconds
Epoch:[2189][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9150 (8.9150)
Epoch:[2189][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9476 (8.9313)
Epoch:[2189][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2378 (9.0335)
Epoch:[2189][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5250 (9.1564)
Epoch:[2189][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1242 (9.1499)
Epoch:[2189][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7005 (9.0750)
Epoch:[2189][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2478 (9.0997)
Epoch:[2189][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0810 (9.0974)
Epoch:[2189][ 8/18]	Time 1.61 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0315 (9.0901)
Epoch:[2189][ 9/18]	Time 1.60 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4092 (9.1220)
Epoch:[2189][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9629 (9.1075)
Epoch:[2189][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0242 (9.1006)
Epoch:[2189][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8443 (9.0808)
Epoch:[2189][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0218 (9.0766)
Epoch:[2189][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2238 (9.0864)
Epoch:[2189][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2925 (9.0993)
Epoch:[2189][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8492 (9.1434)
Epoch:[2189][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0431 (9.1379)
epoch 2189 finished, takes 32.26587152481079 seconds
Epoch:[2190][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0486 (9.0486)
Epoch:[2190][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6247 (9.3367)
Epoch:[2190][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3848 (9.3527)
Epoch:[2190][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3798 (9.3595)
Epoch:[2190][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2219 (9.3320)
Epoch:[2190][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6556 (9.2193)
Epoch:[2190][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4962 (9.2588)
Epoch:[2190][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8709 (9.2103)
Epoch:[2190][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2563 (9.2154)
Epoch:[2190][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5397 (9.2478)
Epoch:[2190][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2087 (9.2443)
Epoch:[2190][11/18]	Time 1.63 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9836 (9.2226)
Epoch:[2190][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8406 (9.1932)
Epoch:[2190][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6700 (9.1558)
Epoch:[2190][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6706 (9.1235)
Epoch:[2190][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2874 (9.1337)
Epoch:[2190][16/18]	Time 1.61 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8809 (9.1188)
Epoch:[2190][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2431 (9.1257)
epoch 2190 finished, takes 32.33768653869629 seconds
Epoch:[2191][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1661 (9.1661)
Epoch:[2191][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0694 (9.1177)
Epoch:[2191][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3510 (9.1955)
Epoch:[2191][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2242 (9.2027)
Epoch:[2191][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4485 (9.2518)
Epoch:[2191][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5266 (9.2976)
Epoch:[2191][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4284 (9.3163)
Epoch:[2191][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0619 (9.2845)
Epoch:[2191][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0781 (9.2616)
Epoch:[2191][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0585 (9.2413)
Epoch:[2191][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8589 (9.2065)
Epoch:[2191][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9258 (9.1831)
Epoch:[2191][12/18]	Time 1.56 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0706 (9.1745)
Epoch:[2191][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0560 (9.1660)
Epoch:[2191][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5654 (9.1260)
Epoch:[2191][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0349 (9.1203)
Epoch:[2191][16/18]	Time 2.26 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0566 (9.1165)
Epoch:[2191][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0781 (9.1144)
epoch 2191 finished, takes 33.45747900009155 seconds
Epoch:[2192][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5896 (9.5896)
Epoch:[2192][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1204 (9.3550)
Epoch:[2192][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2285 (9.3129)
Epoch:[2192][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6005 (9.1348)
Epoch:[2192][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1435 (9.1365)
Epoch:[2192][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9585 (9.1069)
Epoch:[2192][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3198 (9.1373)
Epoch:[2192][ 7/18]	Time 1.58 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8784 (9.1049)
Epoch:[2192][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9106 (9.0833)
Epoch:[2192][ 9/18]	Time 1.59 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2877 (9.1038)
Epoch:[2192][10/18]	Time 1.53 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5961 (9.0576)
Epoch:[2192][11/18]	Time 1.64 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1250 (9.0632)
Epoch:[2192][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7526 (9.1163)
Epoch:[2192][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5566 (9.1477)
Epoch:[2192][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6702 (9.1159)
Epoch:[2192][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0028 (9.1088)
Epoch:[2192][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9527 (9.0996)
Epoch:[2192][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3907 (9.1158)
epoch 2192 finished, takes 32.12680745124817 seconds
Epoch:[2193][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1916 (9.1916)
Epoch:[2193][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3573 (9.2744)
Epoch:[2193][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5702 (9.3730)
Epoch:[2193][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2665 (9.3464)
Epoch:[2193][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9545 (9.2680)
Epoch:[2193][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0787 (9.2365)
Epoch:[2193][ 6/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2012 (9.2314)
Epoch:[2193][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9359 (9.1945)
Epoch:[2193][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5837 (9.1266)
Epoch:[2193][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1121 (9.1252)
Epoch:[2193][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1079 (9.1236)
Epoch:[2193][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8858 (9.1038)
Epoch:[2193][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2174 (9.1125)
Epoch:[2193][13/18]	Time 2.27 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3004 (9.1259)
Epoch:[2193][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6815 (9.0963)
Epoch:[2193][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1095 (9.0971)
Epoch:[2193][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3947 (9.1146)
Epoch:[2193][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8368 (9.0992)
epoch 2193 finished, takes 34.11241793632507 seconds
Epoch:[2194][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0982 (9.0982)
Epoch:[2194][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8331 (8.9657)
Epoch:[2194][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1578 (9.0297)
Epoch:[2194][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9952 (9.0211)
Epoch:[2194][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1626 (9.0494)
Epoch:[2194][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1141 (9.0602)
Epoch:[2194][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5622 (9.1319)
Epoch:[2194][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8146 (9.0922)
Epoch:[2194][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1801 (9.1020)
Epoch:[2194][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9961 (9.0914)
Epoch:[2194][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0368 (9.0864)
Epoch:[2194][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7253 (9.1397)
Epoch:[2194][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0222 (9.1306)
Epoch:[2194][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2431 (9.0672)
Epoch:[2194][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0636 (9.0670)
Epoch:[2194][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1124 (9.0698)
Epoch:[2194][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1240 (9.0730)
Epoch:[2194][17/18]	Time 2.30 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4795 (9.0956)
epoch 2194 finished, takes 33.94783926010132 seconds
Epoch:[2195][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1525 (9.1525)
Epoch:[2195][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1950 (9.1737)
Epoch:[2195][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7987 (9.0487)
Epoch:[2195][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4667 (9.1532)
Epoch:[2195][ 4/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0862 (9.1398)
Epoch:[2195][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0181 (9.1195)
Epoch:[2195][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9333 (9.0929)
Epoch:[2195][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6600 (9.0388)
Epoch:[2195][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0919 (9.0447)
Epoch:[2195][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9922 (9.0394)
Epoch:[2195][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2259 (9.0564)
Epoch:[2195][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6015 (9.0185)
Epoch:[2195][12/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0740 (9.0228)
Epoch:[2195][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3811 (9.0483)
Epoch:[2195][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0987 (9.0517)
Epoch:[2195][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2432 (9.0637)
Epoch:[2195][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1048 (9.0661)
Epoch:[2195][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1983 (9.0734)
epoch 2195 finished, takes 33.47482132911682 seconds
Epoch:[2196][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8524 (8.8524)
Epoch:[2196][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0003 (8.9264)
Epoch:[2196][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9750 (8.9426)
Epoch:[2196][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2454 (9.0183)
Epoch:[2196][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4031 (9.0952)
Epoch:[2196][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7011 (9.0295)
Epoch:[2196][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2948 (9.0674)
Epoch:[2196][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5866 (9.1323)
Epoch:[2196][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5768 (9.1817)
Epoch:[2196][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2194 (9.1855)
Epoch:[2196][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6760 (9.1392)
Epoch:[2196][11/18]	Time 2.38 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1038 (9.1362)
Epoch:[2196][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1394 (9.1365)
Epoch:[2196][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2704 (9.1460)
Epoch:[2196][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9920 (9.1358)
Epoch:[2196][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1030 (9.1337)
Epoch:[2196][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2357 (9.1397)
Epoch:[2196][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2870 (9.1479)
epoch 2196 finished, takes 35.188984632492065 seconds
Epoch:[2197][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9601 (8.9601)
Epoch:[2197][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9181 (8.9391)
Epoch:[2197][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7280 (8.8688)
Epoch:[2197][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6800 (9.0716)
Epoch:[2197][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4592 (9.1491)
Epoch:[2197][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4865 (9.2053)
Epoch:[2197][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0090 (9.1773)
Epoch:[2197][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3730 (9.2017)
Epoch:[2197][ 8/18]	Time 2.20 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0404 (9.1838)
Epoch:[2197][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0767 (9.1731)
Epoch:[2197][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1461 (9.1706)
Epoch:[2197][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3606 (9.1865)
Epoch:[2197][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1061 (9.1803)
Epoch:[2197][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7674 (9.1508)
Epoch:[2197][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9768 (9.1392)
Epoch:[2197][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5045 (9.1620)
Epoch:[2197][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9912 (9.1520)
Epoch:[2197][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3004 (9.1602)
epoch 2197 finished, takes 33.570590019226074 seconds
Epoch:[2198][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9967 (8.9967)
Epoch:[2198][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9332 (8.9649)
Epoch:[2198][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0221 (8.9840)
Epoch:[2198][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1525 (9.0261)
Epoch:[2198][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1738 (9.0557)
Epoch:[2198][ 5/18]	Time 2.24 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4953 (9.1289)
Epoch:[2198][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0892 (9.1233)
Epoch:[2198][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2249 (9.1360)
Epoch:[2198][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1933 (9.1423)
Epoch:[2198][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2091 (9.1490)
Epoch:[2198][10/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9286 (9.1290)
Epoch:[2198][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9761 (9.1162)
Epoch:[2198][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4444 (9.1415)
Epoch:[2198][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9928 (9.1309)
Epoch:[2198][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2351 (9.1378)
Epoch:[2198][15/18]	Time 2.17 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7559 (9.1764)
Epoch:[2198][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0523 (9.1691)
Epoch:[2198][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4313 (9.1837)
epoch 2198 finished, takes 34.10749936103821 seconds
Epoch:[2199][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7262 (8.7262)
Epoch:[2199][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0567 (8.8915)
Epoch:[2199][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7438 (8.8422)
Epoch:[2199][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9454 (8.8680)
Epoch:[2199][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2193 (8.9383)
Epoch:[2199][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9705 (8.9436)
Epoch:[2199][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1965 (8.9798)
Epoch:[2199][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8145 (9.0841)
Epoch:[2199][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8173 (9.0545)
Epoch:[2199][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2008 (9.0691)
Epoch:[2199][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1579 (9.0772)
Epoch:[2199][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1580 (9.0839)
Epoch:[2199][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7514 (9.0583)
Epoch:[2199][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0335 (9.0565)
Epoch:[2199][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1543 (9.0631)
Epoch:[2199][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1505 (9.0685)
Epoch:[2199][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6938 (9.0465)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5588926820265465  precision:  0.6072327344687471  f1:  0.5033771828793474 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.12886686]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7435832622342677  precision:  0.7648663907854828  f1:  0.7454954647672942 perclass recall:  [0.95914397 0.60625    0.796875   0.74376417 0.6835443  0.70515971
 0.761079   0.69284995]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7027387950267082  precision:  0.7035580151473392  f1:  0.689474393326544 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.43320611 0.90151515 0.51240695]
Epoch:[2199][17/18]	Time 12.85 (2.46)	Data 10.87 (0.60)	Loss 9.4610 (9.0695)
epoch 2199 finished, takes 44.349507331848145 seconds
Epoch:[2200][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7234 (8.7234)
Epoch:[2200][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9097 (8.8165)
Epoch:[2200][ 2/18]	Time 1.59 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1345 (8.9225)
Epoch:[2200][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4410 (9.0521)
Epoch:[2200][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4808 (9.1379)
Epoch:[2200][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3435 (9.1721)
Epoch:[2200][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9884 (9.1459)
Epoch:[2200][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1343 (9.1444)
Epoch:[2200][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4077 (9.1737)
Epoch:[2200][ 9/18]	Time 2.21 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5551 (9.2118)
Epoch:[2200][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1474 (9.2060)
Epoch:[2200][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5431 (9.2341)
Epoch:[2200][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9486 (9.2121)
Epoch:[2200][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4992 (9.2326)
Epoch:[2200][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1113 (9.2245)
Epoch:[2200][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2696 (9.2273)
Epoch:[2200][16/18]	Time 2.12 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4574 (9.2409)
Epoch:[2200][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8360 (9.2184)
epoch 2200 finished, takes 32.77782344818115 seconds
Epoch:[2201][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8837 (8.8837)
Epoch:[2201][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2600 (9.0719)
Epoch:[2201][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1575 (9.1004)
Epoch:[2201][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2338 (9.1338)
Epoch:[2201][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9770 (9.1024)
Epoch:[2201][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0949 (9.1012)
Epoch:[2201][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5963 (9.0290)
Epoch:[2201][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8911 (9.0118)
Epoch:[2201][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2733 (9.0408)
Epoch:[2201][ 9/18]	Time 1.61 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0426 (9.0410)
Epoch:[2201][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7946 (9.0186)
Epoch:[2201][11/18]	Time 2.21 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2989 (9.0420)
Epoch:[2201][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7925 (9.0997)
Epoch:[2201][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2970 (9.1138)
Epoch:[2201][14/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2863 (9.0586)
Epoch:[2201][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7259 (9.0378)
Epoch:[2201][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0167 (9.0366)
Epoch:[2201][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4987 (9.0623)
epoch 2201 finished, takes 33.72424817085266 seconds
Epoch:[2202][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3495 (9.3495)
Epoch:[2202][ 1/18]	Time 1.53 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8251 (9.0873)
Epoch:[2202][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3177 (9.1641)
Epoch:[2202][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8291 (9.0803)
Epoch:[2202][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2515 (9.1146)
Epoch:[2202][ 5/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7763 (9.0582)
Epoch:[2202][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6540 (9.0005)
Epoch:[2202][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4701 (8.9342)
Epoch:[2202][ 8/18]	Time 2.18 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3252 (8.9776)
Epoch:[2202][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7702 (8.9569)
Epoch:[2202][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2034 (8.9793)
Epoch:[2202][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3113 (9.0069)
Epoch:[2202][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2895 (9.0287)
Epoch:[2202][13/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8149 (9.0134)
Epoch:[2202][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9979 (9.0124)
Epoch:[2202][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3751 (9.0350)
Epoch:[2202][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1857 (9.0439)
Epoch:[2202][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2666 (9.0563)
epoch 2202 finished, takes 33.66567778587341 seconds
Epoch:[2203][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3996 (9.3996)
Epoch:[2203][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7410 (9.0703)
Epoch:[2203][ 2/18]	Time 1.62 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0290 (9.0565)
Epoch:[2203][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4103 (9.1450)
Epoch:[2203][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5165 (9.2193)
Epoch:[2203][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1894 (9.2143)
Epoch:[2203][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4591 (9.2493)
Epoch:[2203][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2109 (9.2445)
Epoch:[2203][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9851 (9.2157)
Epoch:[2203][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9156 (9.1857)
Epoch:[2203][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8089 (9.1514)
Epoch:[2203][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8027 (9.1223)
Epoch:[2203][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0400 (9.1160)
Epoch:[2203][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6243 (9.0809)
Epoch:[2203][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5409 (9.0449)
Epoch:[2203][15/18]	Time 2.13 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6188 (9.0808)
Epoch:[2203][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1388 (9.0842)
Epoch:[2203][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8806 (9.0729)
epoch 2203 finished, takes 34.247687339782715 seconds
Epoch:[2204][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9491 (8.9491)
Epoch:[2204][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5620 (8.7555)
Epoch:[2204][ 2/18]	Time 2.29 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4836 (8.9982)
Epoch:[2204][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5206 (9.1288)
Epoch:[2204][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9064 (9.0843)
Epoch:[2204][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5709 (9.1654)
Epoch:[2204][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7700 (9.1089)
Epoch:[2204][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3532 (9.1395)
Epoch:[2204][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8384 (9.1060)
Epoch:[2204][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1269 (9.1081)
Epoch:[2204][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2727 (9.1231)
Epoch:[2204][11/18]	Time 2.16 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3391 (9.1411)
Epoch:[2204][12/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9036 (9.1228)
Epoch:[2204][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1386 (9.1239)
Epoch:[2204][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6425 (9.0918)
Epoch:[2204][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6073 (9.0616)
Epoch:[2204][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9576 (9.0554)
Epoch:[2204][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1479 (9.0606)
epoch 2204 finished, takes 34.02541899681091 seconds
Epoch:[2205][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3973 (9.3973)
Epoch:[2205][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8552 (9.1262)
Epoch:[2205][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8118 (9.0214)
Epoch:[2205][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0068 (9.0178)
Epoch:[2205][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3750 (9.0892)
Epoch:[2205][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0707 (9.0861)
Epoch:[2205][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8926 (9.2013)
Epoch:[2205][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0280 (9.1797)
Epoch:[2205][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9841 (9.1579)
Epoch:[2205][ 9/18]	Time 2.20 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2822 (9.1704)
Epoch:[2205][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1873 (9.1719)
Epoch:[2205][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3190 (9.1842)
Epoch:[2205][12/18]	Time 1.56 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2744 (9.1911)
Epoch:[2205][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0623 (9.1819)
Epoch:[2205][14/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5230 (9.2046)
Epoch:[2205][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0036 (9.1921)
Epoch:[2205][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2825 (9.1974)
Epoch:[2205][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9511 (9.1837)
epoch 2205 finished, takes 34.08009672164917 seconds
Epoch:[2206][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9375 (8.9375)
Epoch:[2206][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1485 (9.0430)
Epoch:[2206][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1498 (9.0786)
Epoch:[2206][ 3/18]	Time 1.47 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4707 (9.1766)
Epoch:[2206][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9881 (9.1389)
Epoch:[2206][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5129 (9.0346)
Epoch:[2206][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2504 (9.0654)
Epoch:[2206][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2174 (9.0844)
Epoch:[2206][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2085 (9.0982)
Epoch:[2206][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9388 (9.0823)
Epoch:[2206][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3732 (9.1087)
Epoch:[2206][11/18]	Time 2.14 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9772 (9.0978)
Epoch:[2206][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9424 (9.0858)
Epoch:[2206][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1383 (9.0896)
Epoch:[2206][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4872 (9.1161)
Epoch:[2206][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9856 (9.1079)
Epoch:[2206][16/18]	Time 2.29 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2700 (9.1174)
Epoch:[2206][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0789 (9.1153)
epoch 2206 finished, takes 33.727813959121704 seconds
Epoch:[2207][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3036 (9.3036)
Epoch:[2207][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7083 (9.0059)
Epoch:[2207][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8889 (8.9669)
Epoch:[2207][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1540 (9.0137)
Epoch:[2207][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3899 (9.0889)
Epoch:[2207][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0310 (9.0793)
Epoch:[2207][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7864 (9.0374)
Epoch:[2207][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2448 (9.0633)
Epoch:[2207][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4914 (9.1109)
Epoch:[2207][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6319 (9.1630)
Epoch:[2207][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1600 (9.1627)
Epoch:[2207][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8860 (9.1397)
Epoch:[2207][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2329 (9.1468)
Epoch:[2207][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7604 (9.1192)
Epoch:[2207][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1639 (9.1222)
Epoch:[2207][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6580 (9.0932)
Epoch:[2207][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6867 (9.1281)
Epoch:[2207][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5730 (9.1528)
epoch 2207 finished, takes 33.122314453125 seconds
Epoch:[2208][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0492 (9.0492)
Epoch:[2208][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9238 (8.9865)
Epoch:[2208][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6272 (8.8667)
Epoch:[2208][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4051 (9.0013)
Epoch:[2208][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3656 (9.0742)
Epoch:[2208][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9666 (9.0562)
Epoch:[2208][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0998 (9.0625)
Epoch:[2208][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4553 (8.9866)
Epoch:[2208][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8901 (8.9758)
Epoch:[2208][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9416 (8.9724)
Epoch:[2208][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0814 (8.9823)
Epoch:[2208][11/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0375 (8.9869)
Epoch:[2208][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9889 (8.9871)
Epoch:[2208][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3585 (9.0136)
Epoch:[2208][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8803 (9.0047)
Epoch:[2208][15/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9446 (9.0010)
Epoch:[2208][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1913 (9.0122)
Epoch:[2208][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2701 (9.0265)
epoch 2208 finished, takes 33.95571565628052 seconds
Epoch:[2209][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4275 (9.4275)
Epoch:[2209][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3531 (9.3903)
Epoch:[2209][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1085 (9.2964)
Epoch:[2209][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1741 (9.2658)
Epoch:[2209][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1154 (9.2357)
Epoch:[2209][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4388 (9.2696)
Epoch:[2209][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0332 (9.2358)
Epoch:[2209][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2759 (9.2408)
Epoch:[2209][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7762 (9.1892)
Epoch:[2209][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4643 (9.2167)
Epoch:[2209][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8957 (9.1875)
Epoch:[2209][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1251 (9.1823)
Epoch:[2209][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0673 (9.1735)
Epoch:[2209][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6505 (9.1361)
Epoch:[2209][14/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6303 (9.1024)
Epoch:[2209][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9864 (9.0951)
Epoch:[2209][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1190 (9.0965)
Epoch:[2209][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9978 (9.0911)
epoch 2209 finished, takes 33.8903648853302 seconds
Epoch:[2210][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0457 (9.0457)
Epoch:[2210][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8367 (8.9412)
Epoch:[2210][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4088 (9.0971)
Epoch:[2210][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1594 (9.1126)
Epoch:[2210][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2849 (9.1471)
Epoch:[2210][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6576 (9.0655)
Epoch:[2210][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4027 (9.1137)
Epoch:[2210][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6576 (9.0567)
Epoch:[2210][ 8/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0678 (9.0579)
Epoch:[2210][ 9/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3338 (9.0855)
Epoch:[2210][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8194 (9.1522)
Epoch:[2210][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0201 (9.1412)
Epoch:[2210][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5695 (9.1741)
Epoch:[2210][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1663 (9.1736)
Epoch:[2210][14/18]	Time 2.24 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4996 (9.1953)
Epoch:[2210][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9924 (9.1826)
Epoch:[2210][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8104 (9.1607)
Epoch:[2210][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0531 (9.1548)
epoch 2210 finished, takes 34.15343260765076 seconds
Epoch:[2211][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3135 (9.3135)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5586173937152298  precision:  0.606785778302337  f1:  0.5030301143334069 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18845642 0.12715775]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7438205454027509  precision:  0.7654613849966214  f1:  0.7457239802392517 perclass recall:  [0.95914397 0.60416667 0.796875   0.74376417 0.68607595 0.70761671
 0.761079   0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7026947030686624  precision:  0.704345540398624  f1:  0.6895647396220276 perclass recall:  [0.43575419 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.90151515 0.5130273 ]
Epoch:[2211][ 1/18]	Time 13.61 (7.71)	Data 11.52 (5.76)	Loss 9.0399 (9.1767)
Epoch:[2211][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (5.73)	Data 0.00 (3.84)	Loss 9.2994 (9.2176)
Epoch:[2211][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (4.73)	Data 0.00 (2.88)	Loss 9.0017 (9.1636)
Epoch:[2211][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (4.14)	Data 0.00 (2.31)	Loss 8.7973 (9.0903)
Epoch:[2211][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (3.73)	Data 0.00 (1.92)	Loss 9.2970 (9.1248)
Epoch:[2211][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (3.47)	Data 0.00 (1.65)	Loss 9.1957 (9.1349)
Epoch:[2211][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (3.26)	Data 0.00 (1.44)	Loss 8.8477 (9.0990)
Epoch:[2211][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (3.09)	Data 0.00 (1.28)	Loss 9.2763 (9.1187)
Epoch:[2211][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (2.96)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 8.8810 (9.0949)
Epoch:[2211][10/18]	Time 1.85 (2.86)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 9.1565 (9.1005)
Epoch:[2211][11/18]	Time 2.03 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.96)	Loss 9.1560 (9.1052)
Epoch:[2211][12/18]	Time 1.75 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.89)	Loss 8.9226 (9.0911)
Epoch:[2211][13/18]	Time 1.82 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 9.2529 (9.1027)
Epoch:[2211][14/18]	Time 1.98 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 9.1990 (9.1091)
Epoch:[2211][15/18]	Time 1.67 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 9.0262 (9.1039)
Epoch:[2211][16/18]	Time 2.20 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 9.2463 (9.1123)
Epoch:[2211][17/18]	Time 1.95 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.5083 (9.1343)
epoch 2211 finished, takes 44.842453718185425 seconds
Epoch:[2212][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1210 (9.1210)
Epoch:[2212][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0973 (9.1091)
Epoch:[2212][ 2/18]	Time 1.57 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0080 (9.0754)
Epoch:[2212][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3335 (9.1399)
Epoch:[2212][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0154 (9.1150)
Epoch:[2212][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1706 (9.1243)
Epoch:[2212][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7395 (9.0693)
Epoch:[2212][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9528 (9.0548)
Epoch:[2212][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2533 (9.0768)
Epoch:[2212][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3969 (9.1088)
Epoch:[2212][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4244 (9.1375)
Epoch:[2212][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9094 (9.1185)
Epoch:[2212][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8232 (9.0958)
Epoch:[2212][13/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1004 (9.0961)
Epoch:[2212][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1797 (9.1017)
Epoch:[2212][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4926 (9.1261)
Epoch:[2212][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3052 (9.1367)
Epoch:[2212][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4642 (9.1549)
epoch 2212 finished, takes 33.782538652420044 seconds
Epoch:[2213][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8528 (8.8528)
Epoch:[2213][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8829 (8.8678)
Epoch:[2213][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1040 (8.9466)
Epoch:[2213][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2634 (9.0258)
Epoch:[2213][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4483 (9.1103)
Epoch:[2213][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8184 (9.0616)
Epoch:[2213][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2540 (9.0891)
Epoch:[2213][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1938 (9.1022)
Epoch:[2213][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8381 (9.0729)
Epoch:[2213][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5527 (9.1208)
Epoch:[2213][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2947 (9.1366)
Epoch:[2213][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1549 (9.1382)
Epoch:[2213][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2304 (9.1453)
Epoch:[2213][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8940 (9.1273)
Epoch:[2213][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2622 (9.1363)
Epoch:[2213][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8313 (9.1173)
Epoch:[2213][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7034 (9.1517)
Epoch:[2213][17/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5948 (9.1763)
epoch 2213 finished, takes 33.41693687438965 seconds
Epoch:[2214][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0312 (9.0312)
Epoch:[2214][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9360 (8.9836)
Epoch:[2214][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4675 (8.8116)
Epoch:[2214][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5707 (9.0013)
Epoch:[2214][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8419 (8.9695)
Epoch:[2214][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0108 (8.9764)
Epoch:[2214][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2902 (9.0212)
Epoch:[2214][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1008 (9.0311)
Epoch:[2214][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2250 (9.0527)
Epoch:[2214][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3153 (9.0789)
Epoch:[2214][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4241 (9.1103)
Epoch:[2214][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0368 (9.1042)
Epoch:[2214][12/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5211 (9.1363)
Epoch:[2214][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2208 (9.1423)
Epoch:[2214][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0895 (9.1388)
Epoch:[2214][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3281 (9.0881)
Epoch:[2214][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1120 (9.0895)
Epoch:[2214][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1261 (9.0916)
epoch 2214 finished, takes 33.90664029121399 seconds
Epoch:[2215][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4445 (9.4445)
Epoch:[2215][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7773 (9.1109)
Epoch:[2215][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0373 (9.0864)
Epoch:[2215][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4348 (9.1735)
Epoch:[2215][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3930 (9.2174)
Epoch:[2215][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3109 (9.2330)
Epoch:[2215][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0497 (9.2068)
Epoch:[2215][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3648 (9.2265)
Epoch:[2215][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0410 (9.2059)
Epoch:[2215][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2188 (9.2072)
Epoch:[2215][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3235 (9.2178)
Epoch:[2215][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1503 (9.2122)
Epoch:[2215][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8688 (9.1857)
Epoch:[2215][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4975 (9.2080)
Epoch:[2215][14/18]	Time 2.17 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7613 (9.1782)
Epoch:[2215][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0500 (9.1702)
Epoch:[2215][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2186 (9.1731)
Epoch:[2215][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0562 (9.1666)
epoch 2215 finished, takes 33.89197254180908 seconds
Epoch:[2216][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1206 (9.1206)
Epoch:[2216][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8488 (8.9847)
Epoch:[2216][ 2/18]	Time 1.58 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8934 (8.9542)
Epoch:[2216][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5525 (9.1038)
Epoch:[2216][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9257 (9.0682)
Epoch:[2216][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2365 (9.0962)
Epoch:[2216][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4272 (9.1435)
Epoch:[2216][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2259 (9.1538)
Epoch:[2216][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8356 (9.1184)
Epoch:[2216][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5532 (9.1619)
Epoch:[2216][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9134 (9.1393)
Epoch:[2216][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0596 (9.1327)
Epoch:[2216][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1126 (9.1311)
Epoch:[2216][13/18]	Time 1.61 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5184 (9.1588)
Epoch:[2216][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8407 (9.1376)
Epoch:[2216][15/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5570 (9.1638)
Epoch:[2216][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1667 (9.1640)
Epoch:[2216][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3123 (9.1722)
epoch 2216 finished, takes 33.41194772720337 seconds
Epoch:[2217][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6018 (9.6018)
Epoch:[2217][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9278 (9.2648)
Epoch:[2217][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8264 (9.4520)
Epoch:[2217][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2239 (9.3950)
Epoch:[2217][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9456 (9.3051)
Epoch:[2217][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5752 (9.1835)
Epoch:[2217][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9779 (9.1541)
Epoch:[2217][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0983 (9.1471)
Epoch:[2217][ 8/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9098 (9.1208)
Epoch:[2217][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0898 (9.1177)
Epoch:[2217][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4193 (9.1451)
Epoch:[2217][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9167 (9.1260)
Epoch:[2217][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7249 (9.0952)
Epoch:[2217][13/18]	Time 2.12 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2483 (9.1061)
Epoch:[2217][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7734 (9.0839)
Epoch:[2217][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5547 (9.1134)
Epoch:[2217][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8598 (9.0984)
Epoch:[2217][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5597 (9.1241)
epoch 2217 finished, takes 34.21764087677002 seconds
Epoch:[2218][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9457 (8.9457)
Epoch:[2218][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1385 (9.0421)
Epoch:[2218][ 2/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5926 (8.8922)
Epoch:[2218][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3357 (9.0031)
Epoch:[2218][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2998 (9.0624)
Epoch:[2218][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4254 (9.1229)
Epoch:[2218][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8061 (9.0777)
Epoch:[2218][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1113 (9.0819)
Epoch:[2218][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2005 (9.0951)
Epoch:[2218][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8899 (9.0746)
Epoch:[2218][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2007 (9.0860)
Epoch:[2218][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1369 (9.0903)
Epoch:[2218][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5619 (9.1265)
Epoch:[2218][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1190 (9.1260)
Epoch:[2218][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1200 (9.1256)
Epoch:[2218][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9005 (9.1115)
Epoch:[2218][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9398 (9.1014)
Epoch:[2218][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0521 (9.0987)
epoch 2218 finished, takes 34.29492688179016 seconds
Epoch:[2219][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6855 (9.6855)
Epoch:[2219][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1985 (9.4420)
Epoch:[2219][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0438 (9.3093)
Epoch:[2219][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1473 (9.2688)
Epoch:[2219][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1451 (9.2440)
Epoch:[2219][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4940 (9.2857)
Epoch:[2219][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8227 (9.2196)
Epoch:[2219][ 7/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1618 (9.2123)
Epoch:[2219][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1121 (9.2012)
Epoch:[2219][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1777 (9.1988)
Epoch:[2219][10/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5348 (9.2294)
Epoch:[2219][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7115 (9.1862)
Epoch:[2219][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7278 (9.1510)
Epoch:[2219][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6824 (9.1175)
Epoch:[2219][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3376 (9.1322)
Epoch:[2219][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1861 (9.1355)
Epoch:[2219][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8710 (9.1200)
Epoch:[2219][17/18]	Time 2.32 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7169 (9.1531)
epoch 2219 finished, takes 34.126627922058105 seconds
Epoch:[2220][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7049 (8.7049)
Epoch:[2220][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7267 (9.2158)
Epoch:[2220][ 2/18]	Time 1.72 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3643 (9.2653)
Epoch:[2220][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7531 (9.1372)
Epoch:[2220][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9671 (9.1032)
Epoch:[2220][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4564 (9.1621)
Epoch:[2220][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0775 (9.1500)
Epoch:[2220][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0531 (9.1379)
Epoch:[2220][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9425 (9.1162)
Epoch:[2220][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1480 (9.1193)
Epoch:[2220][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8232 (9.0924)
Epoch:[2220][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5667 (9.0486)
Epoch:[2220][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7334 (9.0244)
Epoch:[2220][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4790 (9.0568)
Epoch:[2220][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2930 (9.0726)
Epoch:[2220][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2417 (9.0831)
Epoch:[2220][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6137 (9.1144)
Epoch:[2220][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0027 (9.1082)
epoch 2220 finished, takes 33.260756492614746 seconds
Epoch:[2221][ 0/18]	Time 2.04 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8909 (8.8909)
Epoch:[2221][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0106 (8.9507)
Epoch:[2221][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3513 (9.0843)
Epoch:[2221][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4875 (9.1851)
Epoch:[2221][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0469 (9.1574)
Epoch:[2221][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5577 (9.2242)
Epoch:[2221][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1992 (9.2206)
Epoch:[2221][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3887 (9.2416)
Epoch:[2221][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3440 (9.2530)
Epoch:[2221][ 9/18]	Time 2.21 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3407 (9.2617)
Epoch:[2221][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0470 (9.2422)
Epoch:[2221][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9931 (9.2215)
Epoch:[2221][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7745 (9.2640)
Epoch:[2221][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0723 (9.2503)
Epoch:[2221][14/18]	Time 1.54 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0854 (9.2393)
Epoch:[2221][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6317 (9.2013)
Epoch:[2221][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2229 (9.2026)
Epoch:[2221][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9334 (9.1877)
epoch 2221 finished, takes 34.31446075439453 seconds
Epoch:[2222][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8479 (8.8479)
Epoch:[2222][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1043 (8.9761)
Epoch:[2222][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0941 (9.0154)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5595194883067856  precision:  0.6085433860378637  f1:  0.5044246830862442 perclass recall:  [0.98954124 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18845642 0.13143052]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7438765844322865  precision:  0.7654765513413788  f1:  0.7457667371592758 perclass recall:  [0.95914397 0.60208333 0.796875   0.74376417 0.68860759 0.70761671
 0.761079   0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7030568611844684  precision:  0.7042511520404856  f1:  0.6898201954412895 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.90151515 0.51240695]
Epoch:[2222][ 3/18]	Time 12.51 (4.45)	Data 10.47 (2.62)	Loss 8.8840 (8.9826)
Epoch:[2222][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (3.93)	Data 0.00 (2.09)	Loss 9.0439 (8.9948)
Epoch:[2222][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (3.59)	Data 0.00 (1.75)	Loss 9.2134 (9.0313)
Epoch:[2222][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (3.33)	Data 0.00 (1.50)	Loss 9.7404 (9.1326)
Epoch:[2222][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (3.17)	Data 0.00 (1.31)	Loss 9.1079 (9.1295)
Epoch:[2222][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (3.03)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 9.0883 (9.1249)
Epoch:[2222][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (2.91)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 8.7794 (9.0904)
Epoch:[2222][10/18]	Time 2.06 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 9.1484 (9.0956)
Epoch:[2222][11/18]	Time 1.66 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 8.8989 (9.0792)
Epoch:[2222][12/18]	Time 1.80 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 9.0692 (9.0785)
Epoch:[2222][13/18]	Time 2.04 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 9.3601 (9.0986)
Epoch:[2222][14/18]	Time 1.91 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.2703 (9.1100)
Epoch:[2222][15/18]	Time 1.81 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 8.9359 (9.0992)
Epoch:[2222][16/18]	Time 1.83 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.2939 (9.1106)
Epoch:[2222][17/18]	Time 1.79 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.3519 (9.1240)
epoch 2222 finished, takes 43.96408534049988 seconds
Epoch:[2223][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6708 (9.6708)
Epoch:[2223][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7824 (9.2266)
Epoch:[2223][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2137 (9.2223)
Epoch:[2223][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0254 (9.1731)
Epoch:[2223][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8787 (9.1142)
Epoch:[2223][ 5/18]	Time 2.12 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1818 (9.1255)
Epoch:[2223][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0956 (9.1212)
Epoch:[2223][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1691 (9.1272)
Epoch:[2223][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4945 (9.1680)
Epoch:[2223][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8415 (9.1353)
Epoch:[2223][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8724 (9.1114)
Epoch:[2223][11/18]	Time 1.72 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6938 (9.1600)
Epoch:[2223][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1921 (9.1624)
Epoch:[2223][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3109 (9.1731)
Epoch:[2223][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1782 (9.1734)
Epoch:[2223][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0453 (9.1654)
Epoch:[2223][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2232 (9.1688)
Epoch:[2223][17/18]	Time 1.64 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1034 (9.1652)
epoch 2223 finished, takes 32.92334771156311 seconds
Epoch:[2224][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0485 (9.0485)
Epoch:[2224][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4507 (9.2496)
Epoch:[2224][ 2/18]	Time 2.19 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6587 (9.0526)
Epoch:[2224][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8367 (8.9986)
Epoch:[2224][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1950 (9.0379)
Epoch:[2224][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4600 (9.1083)
Epoch:[2224][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3970 (9.1495)
Epoch:[2224][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6086 (9.0819)
Epoch:[2224][ 8/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8048 (9.0511)
Epoch:[2224][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4799 (9.0940)
Epoch:[2224][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3121 (9.1138)
Epoch:[2224][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9734 (9.1021)
Epoch:[2224][12/18]	Time 2.21 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8830 (9.0853)
Epoch:[2224][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0890 (9.0855)
Epoch:[2224][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0227 (9.0813)
Epoch:[2224][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0367 (9.0785)
Epoch:[2224][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2159 (9.0866)
Epoch:[2224][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8734 (9.0748)
epoch 2224 finished, takes 33.88840460777283 seconds
Epoch:[2225][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1503 (9.1503)
Epoch:[2225][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6546 (8.9025)
Epoch:[2225][ 2/18]	Time 1.63 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7618 (8.8556)
Epoch:[2225][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0623 (8.9073)
Epoch:[2225][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6635 (9.0585)
Epoch:[2225][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0807 (9.0622)
Epoch:[2225][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0255 (9.0570)
Epoch:[2225][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9193 (9.0397)
Epoch:[2225][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4108 (9.0810)
Epoch:[2225][ 9/18]	Time 2.20 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5141 (9.1243)
Epoch:[2225][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1397 (9.1257)
Epoch:[2225][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1471 (9.1275)
Epoch:[2225][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1308 (9.1277)
Epoch:[2225][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4290 (9.1492)
Epoch:[2225][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2271 (9.1544)
Epoch:[2225][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8064 (9.1327)
Epoch:[2225][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9461 (9.1217)
Epoch:[2225][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2166 (9.1270)
epoch 2225 finished, takes 32.999326944351196 seconds
Epoch:[2226][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4422 (9.4422)
Epoch:[2226][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2803 (9.3613)
Epoch:[2226][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9158 (9.2128)
Epoch:[2226][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0438 (9.1705)
Epoch:[2226][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4157 (9.2196)
Epoch:[2226][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4240 (9.0870)
Epoch:[2226][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0344 (9.2223)
Epoch:[2226][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4316 (9.2485)
Epoch:[2226][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8683 (9.2062)
Epoch:[2226][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1850 (9.2041)
Epoch:[2226][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6917 (9.1575)
Epoch:[2226][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9849 (9.1431)
Epoch:[2226][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2672 (9.1527)
Epoch:[2226][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1787 (9.1545)
Epoch:[2226][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0498 (9.1476)
Epoch:[2226][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3663 (9.1612)
Epoch:[2226][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2121 (9.1642)
Epoch:[2226][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9453 (9.1521)
epoch 2226 finished, takes 33.59364414215088 seconds
Epoch:[2227][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9410 (8.9410)
Epoch:[2227][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8626 (8.9018)
Epoch:[2227][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4091 (9.0709)
Epoch:[2227][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4032 (9.1540)
Epoch:[2227][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8794 (9.0991)
Epoch:[2227][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9206 (9.0693)
Epoch:[2227][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1111 (9.0753)
Epoch:[2227][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9250 (9.0565)
Epoch:[2227][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1290 (9.0646)
Epoch:[2227][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7040 (9.1285)
Epoch:[2227][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8044 (9.1899)
Epoch:[2227][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6032 (9.1410)
Epoch:[2227][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0906 (9.2141)
Epoch:[2227][13/18]	Time 2.21 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4246 (9.2291)
Epoch:[2227][14/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5189 (9.2484)
Epoch:[2227][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5862 (9.2071)
Epoch:[2227][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0135 (9.1957)
Epoch:[2227][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9831 (9.1839)
epoch 2227 finished, takes 33.70067381858826 seconds
Epoch:[2228][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8447 (8.8447)
Epoch:[2228][ 1/18]	Time 2.21 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1165 (8.9806)
Epoch:[2228][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9385 (8.9666)
Epoch:[2228][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1128 (9.0031)
Epoch:[2228][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8689 (8.9763)
Epoch:[2228][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5551 (9.0728)
Epoch:[2228][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9138 (9.0501)
Epoch:[2228][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3763 (9.0908)
Epoch:[2228][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8075 (9.0594)
Epoch:[2228][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1378 (9.0672)
Epoch:[2228][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8322 (9.0458)
Epoch:[2228][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9604 (9.0387)
Epoch:[2228][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2615 (9.0558)
Epoch:[2228][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0758 (9.0573)
Epoch:[2228][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0179 (9.0546)
Epoch:[2228][15/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7006 (9.0950)
Epoch:[2228][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9539 (9.0867)
Epoch:[2228][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1146 (9.0883)
epoch 2228 finished, takes 34.32703399658203 seconds
Epoch:[2229][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3716 (9.3716)
Epoch:[2229][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9663 (9.1689)
Epoch:[2229][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7053 (9.0144)
Epoch:[2229][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8201 (8.9658)
Epoch:[2229][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0118 (8.9750)
Epoch:[2229][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9768 (8.9753)
Epoch:[2229][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4515 (9.0433)
Epoch:[2229][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2886 (9.0740)
Epoch:[2229][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2160 (9.0898)
Epoch:[2229][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2138 (9.1022)
Epoch:[2229][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9664 (9.0898)
Epoch:[2229][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8394 (9.0690)
Epoch:[2229][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9979 (9.0635)
Epoch:[2229][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3084 (9.0810)
Epoch:[2229][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1946 (9.0886)
Epoch:[2229][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2250 (9.0971)
Epoch:[2229][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9586 (9.0890)
Epoch:[2229][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1443 (9.0920)
epoch 2229 finished, takes 32.95278072357178 seconds
Epoch:[2230][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0009 (9.0009)
Epoch:[2230][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6234 (8.8122)
Epoch:[2230][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8876 (8.8373)
Epoch:[2230][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5912 (9.0258)
Epoch:[2230][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4513 (9.1109)
Epoch:[2230][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9993 (9.0923)
Epoch:[2230][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0119 (9.0808)
Epoch:[2230][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0632 (9.0786)
Epoch:[2230][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0666 (9.0773)
Epoch:[2230][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9284 (9.0624)
Epoch:[2230][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2623 (9.0806)
Epoch:[2230][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2807 (9.0972)
Epoch:[2230][12/18]	Time 1.50 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7872 (9.1503)
Epoch:[2230][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1489 (9.1502)
Epoch:[2230][14/18]	Time 2.15 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4911 (9.1729)
Epoch:[2230][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5283 (9.1326)
Epoch:[2230][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5438 (9.1568)
Epoch:[2230][17/18]	Time 2.14 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9768 (9.1468)
epoch 2230 finished, takes 33.420305490493774 seconds
Epoch:[2231][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7771 (9.7771)
Epoch:[2231][ 1/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9141 (9.3456)
Epoch:[2231][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0569 (9.2494)
Epoch:[2231][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3804 (9.2821)
Epoch:[2231][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7325 (9.1722)
Epoch:[2231][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9116 (9.1288)
Epoch:[2231][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0331 (9.1151)
Epoch:[2231][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1022 (9.1135)
Epoch:[2231][ 8/18]	Time 1.62 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1259 (9.1149)
Epoch:[2231][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8947 (9.0929)
Epoch:[2231][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9256 (9.0776)
Epoch:[2231][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6161 (9.0392)
Epoch:[2231][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0860 (9.0428)
Epoch:[2231][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9618 (9.0370)
Epoch:[2231][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7415 (9.0173)
Epoch:[2231][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5447 (8.9878)
Epoch:[2231][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9660 (9.0453)
Epoch:[2231][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1729 (9.0524)
epoch 2231 finished, takes 32.602078914642334 seconds
Epoch:[2232][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1500 (9.1500)
Epoch:[2232][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9089 (9.0294)
Epoch:[2232][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8894 (8.9827)
Epoch:[2232][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9890 (8.9843)
Epoch:[2232][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0758 (9.0026)
Epoch:[2232][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5745 (8.9312)
Epoch:[2232][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0265 (8.9448)
Epoch:[2232][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7137 (9.0409)
Epoch:[2232][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9938 (9.1468)
Epoch:[2232][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0541 (9.1375)
Epoch:[2232][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1257 (9.1365)
Epoch:[2232][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7142 (9.1013)
Epoch:[2232][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1503 (9.1051)
Epoch:[2232][13/18]	Time 2.19 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2260 (9.1137)
Epoch:[2232][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2708 (9.1242)
Epoch:[2232][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1796 (9.1276)
Epoch:[2232][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2423 (9.1344)
Epoch:[2232][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7946 (9.1155)
epoch 2232 finished, takes 33.488338232040405 seconds
Epoch:[2233][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4362 (9.4362)
Epoch:[2233][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4542 (8.9452)
Epoch:[2233][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8151 (8.9019)
Epoch:[2233][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7980 (8.8759)
Epoch:[2233][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1644 (8.9336)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5572861190458597  precision:  0.6037223535086914  f1:  0.5005911764928616 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.12083405]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7442710207566225  precision:  0.7656850847044123  f1:  0.746244477834682 perclass recall:  [0.96044099 0.60416667 0.79910714 0.74376417 0.68860759 0.70515971
 0.761079   0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7036274525947536  precision:  0.7046654287849367  f1:  0.6902802144938208 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51240695]
Epoch:[2233][ 5/18]	Time 12.44 (3.57)	Data 10.39 (1.73)	Loss 9.3892 (9.0095)
Epoch:[2233][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (3.35)	Data 0.00 (1.48)	Loss 8.9748 (9.0046)
Epoch:[2233][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (3.15)	Data 0.00 (1.30)	Loss 9.1373 (9.0212)
Epoch:[2233][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (2.99)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 9.2464 (9.0462)
Epoch:[2233][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (2.87)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 9.0307 (9.0446)
Epoch:[2233][10/18]	Time 1.96 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 9.5545 (9.0910)
Epoch:[2233][11/18]	Time 1.86 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 9.0465 (9.0873)
Epoch:[2233][12/18]	Time 1.79 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 8.7751 (9.0633)
Epoch:[2233][13/18]	Time 1.73 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.3892 (9.0865)
Epoch:[2233][14/18]	Time 1.77 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 8.8582 (9.0713)
Epoch:[2233][15/18]	Time 1.85 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.3089 (9.0862)
Epoch:[2233][16/18]	Time 2.13 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.0236 (9.0825)
Epoch:[2233][17/18]	Time 2.06 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.0832 (9.0825)
epoch 2233 finished, takes 43.90906620025635 seconds
Epoch:[2234][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9890 (8.9890)
Epoch:[2234][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3276 (9.1583)
Epoch:[2234][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9558 (9.0908)
Epoch:[2234][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8646 (9.0343)
Epoch:[2234][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3579 (9.0990)
Epoch:[2234][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8376 (9.0554)
Epoch:[2234][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5837 (8.9880)
Epoch:[2234][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0572 (8.9967)
Epoch:[2234][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0744 (9.0053)
Epoch:[2234][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0873 (9.0135)
Epoch:[2234][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4346 (9.0518)
Epoch:[2234][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1398 (9.0591)
Epoch:[2234][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5124 (9.0171)
Epoch:[2234][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9853 (9.0148)
Epoch:[2234][14/18]	Time 1.57 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2086 (9.0277)
Epoch:[2234][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5965 (9.0008)
Epoch:[2234][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0879 (9.0059)
Epoch:[2234][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2184 (9.0177)
epoch 2234 finished, takes 33.95715093612671 seconds
Epoch:[2235][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3805 (9.3805)
Epoch:[2235][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0036 (9.1920)
Epoch:[2235][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0027 (9.1289)
Epoch:[2235][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9176 (9.0761)
Epoch:[2235][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6268 (8.9862)
Epoch:[2235][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0883 (9.0032)
Epoch:[2235][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2841 (9.0433)
Epoch:[2235][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8675 (9.0214)
Epoch:[2235][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6463 (9.0908)
Epoch:[2235][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8459 (9.0663)
Epoch:[2235][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9607 (9.0567)
Epoch:[2235][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7478 (9.0310)
Epoch:[2235][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9953 (9.0282)
Epoch:[2235][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3926 (9.0543)
Epoch:[2235][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5137 (9.0182)
Epoch:[2235][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5169 (9.0494)
Epoch:[2235][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9059 (9.0409)
Epoch:[2235][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9284 (9.0347)
epoch 2235 finished, takes 33.616525650024414 seconds
Epoch:[2236][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0267 (9.0267)
Epoch:[2236][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4784 (9.2525)
Epoch:[2236][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2007 (9.2352)
Epoch:[2236][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2309 (9.2342)
Epoch:[2236][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0247 (9.1923)
Epoch:[2236][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0205 (9.1636)
Epoch:[2236][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2776 (9.1799)
Epoch:[2236][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1361 (9.1744)
Epoch:[2236][ 8/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9903 (9.1540)
Epoch:[2236][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8686 (9.1254)
Epoch:[2236][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0878 (9.1220)
Epoch:[2236][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3623 (9.1420)
Epoch:[2236][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8239 (9.1176)
Epoch:[2236][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8299 (9.0970)
Epoch:[2236][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2201 (9.1052)
Epoch:[2236][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4409 (9.1262)
Epoch:[2236][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9138 (9.1137)
Epoch:[2236][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8400 (9.0985)
epoch 2236 finished, takes 33.69973683357239 seconds
Epoch:[2237][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3414 (9.3414)
Epoch:[2237][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7128 (9.0271)
Epoch:[2237][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8773 (8.9771)
Epoch:[2237][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3207 (9.0630)
Epoch:[2237][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8741 (9.0253)
Epoch:[2237][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9015 (9.0046)
Epoch:[2237][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1239 (9.0217)
Epoch:[2237][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2053 (9.0446)
Epoch:[2237][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5017 (9.0954)
Epoch:[2237][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7092 (9.0568)
Epoch:[2237][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3849 (9.0866)
Epoch:[2237][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8751 (9.0690)
Epoch:[2237][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8729 (9.0539)
Epoch:[2237][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6866 (9.0277)
Epoch:[2237][14/18]	Time 1.59 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0764 (9.0309)
Epoch:[2237][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3197 (9.0490)
Epoch:[2237][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5524 (9.0198)
Epoch:[2237][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5125 (9.0471)
epoch 2237 finished, takes 33.33889603614807 seconds
Epoch:[2238][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9436 (8.9436)
Epoch:[2238][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0763 (9.0099)
Epoch:[2238][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7463 (8.9221)
Epoch:[2238][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5290 (9.0738)
Epoch:[2238][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1209 (9.0832)
Epoch:[2238][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5956 (9.1686)
Epoch:[2238][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8658 (9.2682)
Epoch:[2238][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8685 (9.2183)
Epoch:[2238][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8348 (9.1757)
Epoch:[2238][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0997 (9.1681)
Epoch:[2238][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0274 (9.1553)
Epoch:[2238][11/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0208 (9.1441)
Epoch:[2238][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1305 (9.1430)
Epoch:[2238][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9686 (9.1306)
Epoch:[2238][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2820 (9.1407)
Epoch:[2238][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1778 (9.1430)
Epoch:[2238][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6957 (9.1167)
Epoch:[2238][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8271 (9.1006)
epoch 2238 finished, takes 34.05849885940552 seconds
Epoch:[2239][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0596 (9.0596)
Epoch:[2239][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1952 (9.1274)
Epoch:[2239][ 2/18]	Time 2.16 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3830 (9.2126)
Epoch:[2239][ 3/18]	Time 1.62 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4159 (9.0135)
Epoch:[2239][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0333 (9.0174)
Epoch:[2239][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1047 (9.0320)
Epoch:[2239][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3801 (9.0817)
Epoch:[2239][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0710 (9.0804)
Epoch:[2239][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1887 (9.0924)
Epoch:[2239][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3214 (9.1153)
Epoch:[2239][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4405 (9.1449)
Epoch:[2239][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0874 (9.1401)
Epoch:[2239][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3383 (9.1553)
Epoch:[2239][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9096 (9.1378)
Epoch:[2239][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5520 (9.1654)
Epoch:[2239][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9500 (9.1519)
Epoch:[2239][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1507 (9.1518)
Epoch:[2239][17/18]	Time 2.22 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1533 (9.1519)
epoch 2239 finished, takes 33.64930582046509 seconds
Epoch:[2240][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8269 (8.8269)
Epoch:[2240][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0452 (8.9360)
Epoch:[2240][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9829 (8.9517)
Epoch:[2240][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8115 (8.9166)
Epoch:[2240][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9088 (8.9151)
Epoch:[2240][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4397 (9.0025)
Epoch:[2240][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8762 (8.9845)
Epoch:[2240][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8124 (8.9630)
Epoch:[2240][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2686 (8.9969)
Epoch:[2240][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8359 (8.9808)
Epoch:[2240][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9333 (8.9765)
Epoch:[2240][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4277 (9.0141)
Epoch:[2240][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2214 (9.0300)
Epoch:[2240][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9691 (9.0257)
Epoch:[2240][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8337 (9.0129)
Epoch:[2240][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4416 (9.0397)
Epoch:[2240][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4071 (9.0613)
Epoch:[2240][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0061 (9.0582)
epoch 2240 finished, takes 33.63643002510071 seconds
Epoch:[2241][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7527 (8.7527)
Epoch:[2241][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4935 (9.1231)
Epoch:[2241][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4635 (9.2366)
Epoch:[2241][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3056 (9.2538)
Epoch:[2241][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0535 (9.2137)
Epoch:[2241][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1307 (9.1999)
Epoch:[2241][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9700 (9.1671)
Epoch:[2241][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2156 (9.1731)
Epoch:[2241][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5809 (9.1073)
Epoch:[2241][ 9/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3778 (9.1344)
Epoch:[2241][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6154 (9.1781)
Epoch:[2241][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3807 (9.1950)
Epoch:[2241][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5466 (9.2220)
Epoch:[2241][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8939 (9.1986)
Epoch:[2241][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1147 (9.1930)
Epoch:[2241][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0645 (9.1850)
Epoch:[2241][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8309 (9.1642)
Epoch:[2241][17/18]	Time 1.72 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8446 (9.2020)
epoch 2241 finished, takes 34.18336582183838 seconds
Epoch:[2242][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1029 (9.1029)
Epoch:[2242][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8386 (8.9707)
Epoch:[2242][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5346 (9.1587)
Epoch:[2242][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5337 (9.2524)
Epoch:[2242][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6427 (9.1305)
Epoch:[2242][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0080 (9.1101)
Epoch:[2242][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7479 (9.0583)
Epoch:[2242][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1698 (9.0723)
Epoch:[2242][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2511 (9.0921)
Epoch:[2242][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0156 (9.0845)
Epoch:[2242][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4989 (9.1222)
Epoch:[2242][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6517 (9.1663)
Epoch:[2242][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0369 (9.1563)
Epoch:[2242][13/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1128 (9.1532)
Epoch:[2242][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0835 (9.1486)
Epoch:[2242][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8084 (9.1273)
Epoch:[2242][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7236 (9.1036)
Epoch:[2242][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7707 (9.0851)
epoch 2242 finished, takes 33.65204071998596 seconds
Epoch:[2243][ 0/18]	Time 2.06 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8908 (8.8908)
Epoch:[2243][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1443 (9.0176)
Epoch:[2243][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0892 (9.0414)
Epoch:[2243][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8084 (8.9832)
Epoch:[2243][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5401 (9.0946)
Epoch:[2243][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4175 (9.1484)
Epoch:[2243][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2806 (9.1673)
Epoch:[2243][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1721 (9.1679)
Epoch:[2243][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0230 (9.1518)
Epoch:[2243][ 9/18]	Time 1.59 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1673 (9.1533)
Epoch:[2243][10/18]	Time 2.22 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8048 (9.1216)
Epoch:[2243][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1787 (9.1264)
Epoch:[2243][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9410 (9.1121)
Epoch:[2243][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7167 (9.0839)
Epoch:[2243][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5587 (9.1155)
Epoch:[2243][15/18]	Time 2.26 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7964 (9.1581)
Epoch:[2243][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6514 (9.1283)
Epoch:[2243][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1313 (9.1285)
epoch 2243 finished, takes 33.683947801589966 seconds
Epoch:[2244][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4065 (9.4065)
Epoch:[2244][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4221 (8.9143)
Epoch:[2244][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3515 (9.0600)
Epoch:[2244][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0161 (9.0491)
Epoch:[2244][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1616 (9.0716)
Epoch:[2244][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2437 (9.1003)
Epoch:[2244][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1214 (9.1033)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5561119652130246  precision:  0.6010465662364275  f1:  0.4986524829408854 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74764521 0.18845642 0.11502307]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7437511551152804  precision:  0.7655857471981578  f1:  0.7458311921829134 perclass recall:  [0.96044099 0.60416667 0.796875   0.74376417 0.68860759 0.70515971
 0.75915222 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7031026039721465  precision:  0.7041569776575018  f1:  0.6896395548938252 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.51116625]
Epoch:[2244][ 7/18]	Time 12.34 (3.17)	Data 10.28 (1.29)	Loss 9.3329 (9.1320)
Epoch:[2244][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (3.01)	Data 0.00 (1.14)	Loss 9.6196 (9.1862)
Epoch:[2244][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (2.90)	Data 0.00 (1.03)	Loss 9.0646 (9.1740)
Epoch:[2244][10/18]	Time 1.68 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.93)	Loss 9.0858 (9.1660)
Epoch:[2244][11/18]	Time 1.85 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.3495 (9.1813)
Epoch:[2244][12/18]	Time 1.95 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.3674 (9.1956)
Epoch:[2244][13/18]	Time 1.80 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.73)	Loss 9.1615 (9.1932)
Epoch:[2244][14/18]	Time 1.78 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 8.5646 (9.1513)
Epoch:[2244][15/18]	Time 1.67 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.1192 (9.1492)
Epoch:[2244][16/18]	Time 1.74 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.8749 (9.1919)
Epoch:[2244][17/18]	Time 2.03 (2.41)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 8.9564 (9.1788)
epoch 2244 finished, takes 43.468788385391235 seconds
Epoch:[2245][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9515 (8.9515)
Epoch:[2245][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1614 (9.0565)
Epoch:[2245][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9632 (9.0254)
Epoch:[2245][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8968 (8.9932)
Epoch:[2245][ 4/18]	Time 2.24 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3780 (9.0702)
Epoch:[2245][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2511 (9.1003)
Epoch:[2245][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2589 (9.1230)
Epoch:[2245][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0897 (9.1188)
Epoch:[2245][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7819 (9.0814)
Epoch:[2245][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4476 (9.1180)
Epoch:[2245][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8833 (9.0967)
Epoch:[2245][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2841 (9.1123)
Epoch:[2245][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0584 (9.1081)
Epoch:[2245][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0549 (9.1758)
Epoch:[2245][14/18]	Time 2.16 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6833 (9.1429)
Epoch:[2245][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6998 (9.1152)
Epoch:[2245][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7231 (9.1510)
Epoch:[2245][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4460 (9.1674)
epoch 2245 finished, takes 33.98629307746887 seconds
Epoch:[2246][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1563 (9.1563)
Epoch:[2246][ 1/18]	Time 2.26 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1596 (9.1580)
Epoch:[2246][ 2/18]	Time 1.54 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3239 (9.2133)
Epoch:[2246][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8717 (9.1279)
Epoch:[2246][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3325 (9.1688)
Epoch:[2246][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9259 (9.1283)
Epoch:[2246][ 6/18]	Time 2.23 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2878 (9.1511)
Epoch:[2246][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7160 (9.2217)
Epoch:[2246][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9001 (9.1860)
Epoch:[2246][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9252 (9.1599)
Epoch:[2246][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8357 (9.1304)
Epoch:[2246][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7832 (9.1015)
Epoch:[2246][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4073 (9.1250)
Epoch:[2246][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0814 (9.1219)
Epoch:[2246][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5260 (9.1488)
Epoch:[2246][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1799 (9.1508)
Epoch:[2246][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4623 (9.1691)
Epoch:[2246][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0278 (9.1613)
epoch 2246 finished, takes 33.79302716255188 seconds
Epoch:[2247][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1389 (9.1389)
Epoch:[2247][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5217 (8.8303)
Epoch:[2247][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1538 (8.9382)
Epoch:[2247][ 3/18]	Time 2.16 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3351 (9.0374)
Epoch:[2247][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9658 (9.0231)
Epoch:[2247][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3469 (9.0771)
Epoch:[2247][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8417 (9.0434)
Epoch:[2247][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2488 (9.0691)
Epoch:[2247][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1208 (9.0749)
Epoch:[2247][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2952 (9.0969)
Epoch:[2247][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8807 (9.0772)
Epoch:[2247][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5751 (9.1187)
Epoch:[2247][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3901 (9.1396)
Epoch:[2247][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2626 (9.1484)
Epoch:[2247][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9878 (9.1377)
Epoch:[2247][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9624 (9.1267)
Epoch:[2247][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4771 (9.1473)
Epoch:[2247][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1879 (9.1496)
epoch 2247 finished, takes 34.07784461975098 seconds
Epoch:[2248][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7625 (8.7625)
Epoch:[2248][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2242 (8.9934)
Epoch:[2248][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8151 (8.9340)
Epoch:[2248][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1202 (8.9805)
Epoch:[2248][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5568 (8.8958)
Epoch:[2248][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1358 (8.9358)
Epoch:[2248][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2211 (8.9765)
Epoch:[2248][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6305 (8.9333)
Epoch:[2248][ 8/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1000 (8.9518)
Epoch:[2248][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8317 (8.9398)
Epoch:[2248][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0819 (8.9527)
Epoch:[2248][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9567 (8.9530)
Epoch:[2248][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8266 (8.9433)
Epoch:[2248][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2004 (8.9617)
Epoch:[2248][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1457 (8.9739)
Epoch:[2248][15/18]	Time 2.21 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4160 (9.0016)
Epoch:[2248][16/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3046 (9.0194)
Epoch:[2248][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6108 (9.0523)
epoch 2248 finished, takes 34.294036865234375 seconds
Epoch:[2249][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8790 (8.8790)
Epoch:[2249][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0676 (8.9733)
Epoch:[2249][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3023 (9.0829)
Epoch:[2249][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6571 (8.9765)
Epoch:[2249][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4818 (8.8775)
Epoch:[2249][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2549 (8.9404)
Epoch:[2249][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5334 (8.8823)
Epoch:[2249][ 7/18]	Time 2.15 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3423 (8.9398)
Epoch:[2249][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1969 (8.9684)
Epoch:[2249][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0738 (8.9789)
Epoch:[2249][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9586 (8.9771)
Epoch:[2249][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1386 (8.9905)
Epoch:[2249][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0747 (8.9970)
Epoch:[2249][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3785 (9.0242)
Epoch:[2249][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3537 (9.0462)
Epoch:[2249][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1065 (9.0500)
Epoch:[2249][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0736 (9.0514)
Epoch:[2249][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2259 (9.0611)
epoch 2249 finished, takes 33.127315044403076 seconds
Epoch:[2250][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0208 (9.0208)
Epoch:[2250][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5745 (9.2976)
Epoch:[2250][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4221 (9.3391)
Epoch:[2250][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6888 (9.1765)
Epoch:[2250][ 4/18]	Time 2.17 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3431 (9.2099)
Epoch:[2250][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7566 (9.1343)
Epoch:[2250][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4855 (9.1845)
Epoch:[2250][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9465 (9.1547)
Epoch:[2250][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9763 (9.1349)
Epoch:[2250][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1763 (9.1391)
Epoch:[2250][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9908 (9.1256)
Epoch:[2250][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0813 (9.1219)
Epoch:[2250][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8643 (9.1021)
Epoch:[2250][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7756 (9.1502)
Epoch:[2250][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5910 (9.1796)
Epoch:[2250][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7936 (9.1555)
Epoch:[2250][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3541 (9.1671)
Epoch:[2250][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3846 (9.1792)
epoch 2250 finished, takes 33.53328204154968 seconds
Epoch:[2251][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1255 (9.1255)
Epoch:[2251][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3046 (9.2150)
Epoch:[2251][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5475 (8.9925)
Epoch:[2251][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6429 (8.9051)
Epoch:[2251][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1029 (8.9447)
Epoch:[2251][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5991 (8.8871)
Epoch:[2251][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4368 (8.9656)
Epoch:[2251][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8291 (8.9485)
Epoch:[2251][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0727 (8.9623)
Epoch:[2251][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2426 (8.9904)
Epoch:[2251][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1641 (9.0062)
Epoch:[2251][11/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1682 (9.0197)
Epoch:[2251][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5368 (9.0594)
Epoch:[2251][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3782 (9.0822)
Epoch:[2251][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4439 (9.1063)
Epoch:[2251][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5215 (9.0698)
Epoch:[2251][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5072 (9.0367)
Epoch:[2251][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2006 (9.0458)
epoch 2251 finished, takes 33.76108193397522 seconds
Epoch:[2252][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4085 (9.4085)
Epoch:[2252][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0154 (9.2119)
Epoch:[2252][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8994 (9.1078)
Epoch:[2252][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2197 (9.1357)
Epoch:[2252][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0980 (9.1282)
Epoch:[2252][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4325 (9.1789)
Epoch:[2252][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3816 (9.2079)
Epoch:[2252][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0275 (9.1853)
Epoch:[2252][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1403 (9.1803)
Epoch:[2252][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7214 (9.1344)
Epoch:[2252][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0103 (9.1231)
Epoch:[2252][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3416 (9.1413)
Epoch:[2252][12/18]	Time 1.60 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1224 (9.1399)
Epoch:[2252][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9024 (9.1229)
Epoch:[2252][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7387 (9.0973)
Epoch:[2252][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2563 (9.1072)
Epoch:[2252][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6721 (9.0817)
Epoch:[2252][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8383 (9.1237)
epoch 2252 finished, takes 33.53920102119446 seconds
Epoch:[2253][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2311 (9.2311)
Epoch:[2253][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3884 (9.3098)
Epoch:[2253][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9058 (9.5084)
Epoch:[2253][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0136 (9.3847)
Epoch:[2253][ 4/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0794 (9.3237)
Epoch:[2253][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7720 (9.2317)
Epoch:[2253][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5979 (9.1412)
Epoch:[2253][ 7/18]	Time 1.59 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9296 (9.1147)
Epoch:[2253][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0680 (9.1095)
Epoch:[2253][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4886 (9.1474)
Epoch:[2253][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2841 (9.1599)
Epoch:[2253][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0472 (9.1505)
Epoch:[2253][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1901 (9.1535)
Epoch:[2253][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1047 (9.1500)
Epoch:[2253][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7082 (9.1206)
Epoch:[2253][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6127 (9.0888)
Epoch:[2253][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3260 (9.1028)
Epoch:[2253][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8413 (9.0883)
epoch 2253 finished, takes 33.23247528076172 seconds
Epoch:[2254][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3910 (9.3910)
Epoch:[2254][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6113 (9.5011)
Epoch:[2254][ 2/18]	Time 2.26 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4763 (9.4929)
Epoch:[2254][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1311 (9.4024)
Epoch:[2254][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0245 (9.3269)
Epoch:[2254][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6511 (9.3809)
Epoch:[2254][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8848 (9.3100)
Epoch:[2254][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3976 (9.3210)
Epoch:[2254][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5721 (9.2378)
Epoch:[2254][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1696 (9.2310)
Epoch:[2254][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7780 (9.1898)
Epoch:[2254][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7255 (9.1511)
Epoch:[2254][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7743 (9.1221)
Epoch:[2254][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8406 (9.1020)
Epoch:[2254][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5644 (9.0662)
Epoch:[2254][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8784 (9.0544)
Epoch:[2254][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9737 (9.0497)
Epoch:[2254][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8426 (9.0382)
epoch 2254 finished, takes 33.273356437683105 seconds
Epoch:[2255][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0229 (9.0229)
Epoch:[2255][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0548 (9.0388)
Epoch:[2255][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7873 (8.9550)
Epoch:[2255][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4274 (8.8231)
Epoch:[2255][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0870 (8.8759)
Epoch:[2255][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2146 (8.9323)
Epoch:[2255][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1705 (8.9664)
Epoch:[2255][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6201 (8.9231)
Epoch:[2255][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7928 (8.9086)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5560888269667696  precision:  0.6008130815678003  f1:  0.49855177483562374 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18829009 0.11468125]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7434546465387383  precision:  0.7651761784965447  f1:  0.7455859507722691 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.60416667 0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7029913202792332  precision:  0.7039962991202563  f1:  0.689558066286661 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.43320611 0.9030303  0.51240695]
Epoch:[2255][ 9/18]	Time 11.95 (2.83)	Data 10.07 (1.01)	Loss 8.8913 (8.9069)
Epoch:[2255][10/18]	Time 1.80 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.92)	Loss 9.2055 (8.9340)
Epoch:[2255][11/18]	Time 1.70 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.84)	Loss 9.6424 (8.9931)
Epoch:[2255][12/18]	Time 1.85 (2.59)	Data 0.00 (0.78)	Loss 8.9687 (8.9912)
Epoch:[2255][13/18]	Time 1.68 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 8.9405 (8.9876)
Epoch:[2255][14/18]	Time 1.85 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 9.2256 (9.0034)
Epoch:[2255][15/18]	Time 1.71 (2.43)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 8.6784 (8.9831)
Epoch:[2255][16/18]	Time 1.98 (2.40)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 9.4609 (9.0112)
Epoch:[2255][17/18]	Time 1.84 (2.37)	Data 0.00 (0.56)	Loss 9.3679 (9.0310)
epoch 2255 finished, takes 42.682135343551636 seconds
Epoch:[2256][ 0/18]	Time 1.60 (1.60)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7760 (8.7760)
Epoch:[2256][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0249 (8.9004)
Epoch:[2256][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0127 (8.9378)
Epoch:[2256][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0474 (8.9652)
Epoch:[2256][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0369 (8.9796)
Epoch:[2256][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8476 (8.9576)
Epoch:[2256][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3144 (8.8657)
Epoch:[2256][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1678 (8.9035)
Epoch:[2256][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9459 (8.9082)
Epoch:[2256][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3058 (8.9479)
Epoch:[2256][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2928 (8.9793)
Epoch:[2256][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2098 (8.9985)
Epoch:[2256][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9357 (8.9937)
Epoch:[2256][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7147 (8.9737)
Epoch:[2256][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7463 (8.9586)
Epoch:[2256][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9567 (8.9585)
Epoch:[2256][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5605 (8.9939)
Epoch:[2256][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0029 (9.0499)
epoch 2256 finished, takes 33.580939292907715 seconds
Epoch:[2257][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0580 (9.0580)
Epoch:[2257][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6778 (9.3679)
Epoch:[2257][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9664 (9.2341)
Epoch:[2257][ 3/18]	Time 2.17 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0433 (9.1864)
Epoch:[2257][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1684 (9.1828)
Epoch:[2257][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1822 (9.1827)
Epoch:[2257][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9032 (9.1427)
Epoch:[2257][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7988 (9.0998)
Epoch:[2257][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1020 (9.1000)
Epoch:[2257][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5207 (9.0421)
Epoch:[2257][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9718 (9.0357)
Epoch:[2257][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9070 (9.0250)
Epoch:[2257][12/18]	Time 1.57 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2939 (9.0457)
Epoch:[2257][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1681 (9.0544)
Epoch:[2257][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1000 (9.0574)
Epoch:[2257][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1294 (9.0619)
Epoch:[2257][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1313 (9.0660)
Epoch:[2257][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0786 (9.0667)
epoch 2257 finished, takes 33.15305709838867 seconds
Epoch:[2258][ 0/18]	Time 2.10 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9078 (8.9078)
Epoch:[2258][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7564 (8.8321)
Epoch:[2258][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6779 (8.7807)
Epoch:[2258][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4464 (8.9471)
Epoch:[2258][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4376 (9.0452)
Epoch:[2258][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9222 (9.0247)
Epoch:[2258][ 6/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8540 (9.0003)
Epoch:[2258][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9598 (8.9953)
Epoch:[2258][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1624 (9.0138)
Epoch:[2258][ 9/18]	Time 1.61 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2245 (9.0349)
Epoch:[2258][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1466 (9.0451)
Epoch:[2258][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5463 (9.0868)
Epoch:[2258][12/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1193 (9.0893)
Epoch:[2258][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1816 (9.0959)
Epoch:[2258][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9318 (9.0850)
Epoch:[2258][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7023 (9.0611)
Epoch:[2258][16/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5833 (9.0918)
Epoch:[2258][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8723 (9.0796)
epoch 2258 finished, takes 33.44362235069275 seconds
Epoch:[2259][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8056 (8.8056)
Epoch:[2259][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5182 (9.1619)
Epoch:[2259][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9492 (9.0910)
Epoch:[2259][ 3/18]	Time 1.52 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1695 (9.1106)
Epoch:[2259][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1354 (9.1156)
Epoch:[2259][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0769 (9.1091)
Epoch:[2259][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8889 (9.0777)
Epoch:[2259][ 7/18]	Time 2.16 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0715 (9.0769)
Epoch:[2259][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1653 (9.0867)
Epoch:[2259][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9266 (9.0707)
Epoch:[2259][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9346 (9.0583)
Epoch:[2259][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0905 (9.0610)
Epoch:[2259][12/18]	Time 2.21 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2972 (9.0792)
Epoch:[2259][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3484 (9.0984)
Epoch:[2259][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8914 (9.0846)
Epoch:[2259][15/18]	Time 1.60 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0060 (9.0797)
Epoch:[2259][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3311 (9.0945)
Epoch:[2259][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8884 (9.0830)
epoch 2259 finished, takes 33.69501209259033 seconds
Epoch:[2260][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5123 (9.5123)
Epoch:[2260][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8974 (9.2049)
Epoch:[2260][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9559 (9.1219)
Epoch:[2260][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1114 (9.1193)
Epoch:[2260][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0204 (9.0995)
Epoch:[2260][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1116 (9.1015)
Epoch:[2260][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2031 (9.1160)
Epoch:[2260][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1584 (9.1213)
Epoch:[2260][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0362 (9.1119)
Epoch:[2260][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1163 (9.1123)
Epoch:[2260][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4647 (9.1444)
Epoch:[2260][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1689 (9.1464)
Epoch:[2260][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2387 (9.1535)
Epoch:[2260][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7872 (9.1273)
Epoch:[2260][14/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0081 (9.1194)
Epoch:[2260][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3048 (9.1310)
Epoch:[2260][16/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4218 (9.1481)
Epoch:[2260][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5176 (9.1686)
epoch 2260 finished, takes 34.108076333999634 seconds
Epoch:[2261][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1233 (9.1233)
Epoch:[2261][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6805 (8.9019)
Epoch:[2261][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4969 (9.1002)
Epoch:[2261][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3557 (9.1641)
Epoch:[2261][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4404 (9.2193)
Epoch:[2261][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9032 (9.1667)
Epoch:[2261][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0980 (9.1568)
Epoch:[2261][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8367 (9.1168)
Epoch:[2261][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2393 (9.1304)
Epoch:[2261][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1479 (9.1322)
Epoch:[2261][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5213 (9.1676)
Epoch:[2261][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4422 (9.1904)
Epoch:[2261][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6843 (9.1515)
Epoch:[2261][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5484 (9.1084)
Epoch:[2261][14/18]	Time 1.64 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9357 (9.0969)
Epoch:[2261][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8362 (9.0806)
Epoch:[2261][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8969 (9.0698)
Epoch:[2261][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2318 (9.0788)
epoch 2261 finished, takes 33.720813035964966 seconds
Epoch:[2262][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1679 (9.1679)
Epoch:[2262][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6072 (8.8876)
Epoch:[2262][ 2/18]	Time 1.58 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5771 (8.7841)
Epoch:[2262][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0346 (8.8467)
Epoch:[2262][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5254 (8.9824)
Epoch:[2262][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7545 (8.9445)
Epoch:[2262][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8200 (8.9267)
Epoch:[2262][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2280 (8.9643)
Epoch:[2262][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1531 (8.9853)
Epoch:[2262][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0764 (8.9944)
Epoch:[2262][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3508 (9.0268)
Epoch:[2262][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7168 (9.0010)
Epoch:[2262][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1120 (9.0095)
Epoch:[2262][13/18]	Time 2.13 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0219 (9.0104)
Epoch:[2262][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3527 (9.0332)
Epoch:[2262][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3834 (8.9926)
Epoch:[2262][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6703 (8.9737)
Epoch:[2262][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0516 (8.9780)
epoch 2262 finished, takes 32.87595844268799 seconds
Epoch:[2263][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8868 (8.8868)
Epoch:[2263][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2973 (9.0920)
Epoch:[2263][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4483 (9.2108)
Epoch:[2263][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0445 (9.1692)
Epoch:[2263][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1098 (9.1573)
Epoch:[2263][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5667 (9.0589)
Epoch:[2263][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6722 (9.0037)
Epoch:[2263][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3516 (9.0472)
Epoch:[2263][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7797 (9.0174)
Epoch:[2263][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0299 (9.0187)
Epoch:[2263][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0432 (9.0209)
Epoch:[2263][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4724 (9.0585)
Epoch:[2263][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7190 (9.0324)
Epoch:[2263][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6085 (9.0021)
Epoch:[2263][14/18]	Time 1.63 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3403 (9.0247)
Epoch:[2263][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8481 (9.0136)
Epoch:[2263][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0673 (9.0168)
Epoch:[2263][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8742 (9.0089)
epoch 2263 finished, takes 32.90266942977905 seconds
Epoch:[2264][ 0/18]	Time 1.67 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2088 (9.2088)
Epoch:[2264][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3713 (9.2901)
Epoch:[2264][ 2/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3481 (9.3094)
Epoch:[2264][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1814 (9.2774)
Epoch:[2264][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0145 (9.2248)
Epoch:[2264][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3987 (9.2538)
Epoch:[2264][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5824 (9.1579)
Epoch:[2264][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9429 (9.1310)
Epoch:[2264][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7640 (9.0902)
Epoch:[2264][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6745 (9.0486)
Epoch:[2264][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1842 (9.0610)
Epoch:[2264][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5022 (9.0144)
Epoch:[2264][12/18]	Time 2.12 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4765 (9.0499)
Epoch:[2264][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8131 (9.0330)
Epoch:[2264][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7871 (9.0166)
Epoch:[2264][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0326 (9.0176)
Epoch:[2264][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3195 (9.0354)
Epoch:[2264][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4985 (9.0056)
epoch 2264 finished, takes 33.09848237037659 seconds
Epoch:[2265][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6196 (9.6196)
Epoch:[2265][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0125 (9.3161)
Epoch:[2265][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3758 (9.3360)
Epoch:[2265][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9275 (9.2339)
Epoch:[2265][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7045 (9.1280)
Epoch:[2265][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4329 (9.1788)
Epoch:[2265][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5125 (9.2265)
Epoch:[2265][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7589 (9.1680)
Epoch:[2265][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8825 (9.1363)
Epoch:[2265][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8322 (9.1059)
Epoch:[2265][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8795 (9.0853)
Epoch:[2265][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2799 (9.1015)
Epoch:[2265][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8395 (9.0814)
Epoch:[2265][13/18]	Time 1.59 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7483 (9.1290)
Epoch:[2265][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5779 (9.0923)
Epoch:[2265][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4426 (9.0517)
Epoch:[2265][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1259 (9.0560)
Epoch:[2265][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6284 (9.0323)
epoch 2265 finished, takes 32.49167466163635 seconds
Epoch:[2266][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7705 (9.7705)
Epoch:[2266][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8001 (9.2853)
Epoch:[2266][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1718 (9.2475)
Epoch:[2266][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4669 (9.3023)
Epoch:[2266][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7240 (9.1867)
Epoch:[2266][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2489 (9.1970)
Epoch:[2266][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9254 (9.1582)
Epoch:[2266][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6546 (9.0953)
Epoch:[2266][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0722 (9.0927)
Epoch:[2266][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2956 (9.1130)
Epoch:[2266][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8063 (9.0851)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5574561146099073  precision:  0.6037846674748574  f1:  0.5007590696580212 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18829009 0.12151769]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7433037408462706  precision:  0.7647221899177032  f1:  0.7452883378723061 perclass recall:  [0.96044099 0.60208333 0.79910714 0.74603175 0.68607595 0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7031026039721465  precision:  0.703708985134243  f1:  0.6895360960758551 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.51116625]
Epoch:[2266][11/18]	Time 12.38 (2.73)	Data 10.38 (0.87)	Loss 8.9414 (9.0731)
Epoch:[2266][12/18]	Time 1.74 (2.65)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.1320 (9.0777)
Epoch:[2266][13/18]	Time 1.56 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 8.9757 (9.0704)
Epoch:[2266][14/18]	Time 1.80 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 9.2537 (9.0826)
Epoch:[2266][15/18]	Time 1.97 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.2256 (9.0915)
Epoch:[2266][16/18]	Time 2.07 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.3344 (9.1058)
Epoch:[2266][17/18]	Time 1.81 (2.43)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 8.8944 (9.0941)
epoch 2266 finished, takes 43.69214963912964 seconds
Epoch:[2267][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3863 (9.3863)
Epoch:[2267][ 1/18]	Time 1.64 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2679 (9.3271)
Epoch:[2267][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1862 (9.2802)
Epoch:[2267][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9338 (9.1936)
Epoch:[2267][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7679 (9.1084)
Epoch:[2267][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0123 (9.0924)
Epoch:[2267][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2812 (9.1194)
Epoch:[2267][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4399 (9.0344)
Epoch:[2267][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7245 (9.0000)
Epoch:[2267][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9943 (8.9994)
Epoch:[2267][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4490 (9.0403)
Epoch:[2267][11/18]	Time 2.20 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4228 (9.0722)
Epoch:[2267][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8299 (9.0535)
Epoch:[2267][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2178 (9.0653)
Epoch:[2267][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1285 (9.0695)
Epoch:[2267][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9268 (9.0606)
Epoch:[2267][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4055 (9.0809)
Epoch:[2267][17/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0297 (9.0780)
epoch 2267 finished, takes 33.1973762512207 seconds
Epoch:[2268][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7187 (9.7187)
Epoch:[2268][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2741 (9.4964)
Epoch:[2268][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6012 (9.5313)
Epoch:[2268][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0797 (9.4184)
Epoch:[2268][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0997 (9.3547)
Epoch:[2268][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5489 (9.3870)
Epoch:[2268][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1490 (9.3530)
Epoch:[2268][ 7/18]	Time 1.61 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2529 (9.3405)
Epoch:[2268][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2902 (9.3349)
Epoch:[2268][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0210 (9.3035)
Epoch:[2268][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2248 (9.2964)
Epoch:[2268][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3168 (9.2981)
Epoch:[2268][12/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1270 (9.2849)
Epoch:[2268][13/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7910 (9.2496)
Epoch:[2268][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4661 (9.2641)
Epoch:[2268][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2818 (9.2652)
Epoch:[2268][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9470 (9.2465)
Epoch:[2268][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7990 (9.2216)
epoch 2268 finished, takes 34.15996336936951 seconds
Epoch:[2269][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5531 (9.5531)
Epoch:[2269][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8046 (9.1789)
Epoch:[2269][ 2/18]	Time 2.15 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8493 (9.0690)
Epoch:[2269][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9576 (9.0412)
Epoch:[2269][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9669 (9.0263)
Epoch:[2269][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9277 (9.0099)
Epoch:[2269][ 6/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7619 (8.9744)
Epoch:[2269][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2179 (9.0049)
Epoch:[2269][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1222 (9.0179)
Epoch:[2269][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5861 (9.0747)
Epoch:[2269][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9814 (9.0663)
Epoch:[2269][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8312 (9.0467)
Epoch:[2269][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7489 (9.0238)
Epoch:[2269][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1882 (9.0355)
Epoch:[2269][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9871 (9.0323)
Epoch:[2269][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2746 (9.0474)
Epoch:[2269][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1509 (9.0535)
Epoch:[2269][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3461 (9.0698)
epoch 2269 finished, takes 33.96764540672302 seconds
Epoch:[2270][ 0/18]	Time 1.58 (1.58)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2925 (9.2925)
Epoch:[2270][ 1/18]	Time 2.16 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2347 (9.2636)
Epoch:[2270][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0761 (9.2011)
Epoch:[2270][ 3/18]	Time 1.62 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0600 (9.1658)
Epoch:[2270][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4878 (9.0302)
Epoch:[2270][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1068 (9.0430)
Epoch:[2270][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0126 (9.0386)
Epoch:[2270][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0389 (9.0387)
Epoch:[2270][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9376 (9.0274)
Epoch:[2270][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0780 (9.0325)
Epoch:[2270][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1587 (9.0440)
Epoch:[2270][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0456 (9.0441)
Epoch:[2270][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9887 (9.0398)
Epoch:[2270][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0185 (9.0383)
Epoch:[2270][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0750 (9.0408)
Epoch:[2270][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5635 (9.0734)
Epoch:[2270][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6226 (9.0469)
Epoch:[2270][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3132 (9.0617)
epoch 2270 finished, takes 33.414342403411865 seconds
Epoch:[2271][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2005 (9.2005)
Epoch:[2271][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0162 (9.1084)
Epoch:[2271][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9804 (9.0657)
Epoch:[2271][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3085 (9.1264)
Epoch:[2271][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8592 (9.0730)
Epoch:[2271][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8316 (9.0327)
Epoch:[2271][ 6/18]	Time 2.20 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0123 (9.0298)
Epoch:[2271][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4774 (9.0858)
Epoch:[2271][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0848 (9.0856)
Epoch:[2271][ 9/18]	Time 1.59 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5804 (9.0351)
Epoch:[2271][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2796 (9.0573)
Epoch:[2271][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9413 (9.0477)
Epoch:[2271][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4289 (9.0770)
Epoch:[2271][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2604 (9.0901)
Epoch:[2271][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1620 (9.0949)
Epoch:[2271][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3530 (9.1110)
Epoch:[2271][16/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5108 (9.0757)
Epoch:[2271][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6840 (9.0540)
epoch 2271 finished, takes 33.9868106842041 seconds
Epoch:[2272][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9112 (8.9112)
Epoch:[2272][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9910 (8.9511)
Epoch:[2272][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4969 (9.1330)
Epoch:[2272][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6758 (9.2687)
Epoch:[2272][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1278 (9.2405)
Epoch:[2272][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2972 (9.2500)
Epoch:[2272][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4787 (9.2826)
Epoch:[2272][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8695 (9.2310)
Epoch:[2272][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8626 (9.1901)
Epoch:[2272][ 9/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3538 (9.2064)
Epoch:[2272][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0623 (9.1933)
Epoch:[2272][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9071 (9.1695)
Epoch:[2272][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1968 (9.1716)
Epoch:[2272][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2605 (9.1779)
Epoch:[2272][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9012 (9.1595)
Epoch:[2272][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3529 (9.1091)
Epoch:[2272][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3410 (9.1227)
Epoch:[2272][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2079 (9.1274)
epoch 2272 finished, takes 34.194474935531616 seconds
Epoch:[2273][ 0/18]	Time 2.30 (2.30)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2971 (9.2971)
Epoch:[2273][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3688 (8.8329)
Epoch:[2273][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1857 (8.9505)
Epoch:[2273][ 3/18]	Time 1.60 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0177 (8.9673)
Epoch:[2273][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1574 (9.0053)
Epoch:[2273][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3348 (9.0602)
Epoch:[2273][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2828 (9.0920)
Epoch:[2273][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5573 (9.0252)
Epoch:[2273][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3665 (9.0631)
Epoch:[2273][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9504 (9.0518)
Epoch:[2273][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7971 (9.0287)
Epoch:[2273][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3273 (9.0536)
Epoch:[2273][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2605 (9.0695)
Epoch:[2273][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5572 (9.1043)
Epoch:[2273][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7536 (9.0810)
Epoch:[2273][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8696 (9.0677)
Epoch:[2273][16/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2741 (9.0799)
Epoch:[2273][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1145 (9.0818)
epoch 2273 finished, takes 33.77213430404663 seconds
Epoch:[2274][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8542 (8.8542)
Epoch:[2274][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0582 (8.9562)
Epoch:[2274][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3651 (9.0925)
Epoch:[2274][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9194 (9.0492)
Epoch:[2274][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0341 (9.0462)
Epoch:[2274][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8596 (9.0151)
Epoch:[2274][ 6/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5746 (9.0950)
Epoch:[2274][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0718 (9.0921)
Epoch:[2274][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6807 (9.0464)
Epoch:[2274][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5002 (9.0918)
Epoch:[2274][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7560 (9.0613)
Epoch:[2274][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9423 (9.0514)
Epoch:[2274][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0954 (9.0547)
Epoch:[2274][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0375 (9.0535)
Epoch:[2274][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1332 (9.0588)
Epoch:[2274][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4109 (9.0808)
Epoch:[2274][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1238 (9.0834)
Epoch:[2274][17/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8196 (9.0687)
epoch 2274 finished, takes 33.92073321342468 seconds
Epoch:[2275][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5215 (9.5215)
Epoch:[2275][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2535 (9.3875)
Epoch:[2275][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3742 (9.3830)
Epoch:[2275][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9677 (9.2792)
Epoch:[2275][ 4/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5815 (9.1397)
Epoch:[2275][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7098 (9.0680)
Epoch:[2275][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9763 (9.0549)
Epoch:[2275][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0694 (9.0567)
Epoch:[2275][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4331 (9.0985)
Epoch:[2275][ 9/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1298 (9.1017)
Epoch:[2275][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4774 (9.1358)
Epoch:[2275][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7131 (9.1006)
Epoch:[2275][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4906 (9.1306)
Epoch:[2275][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2568 (9.1396)
Epoch:[2275][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9543 (9.1273)
Epoch:[2275][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9456 (9.1159)
Epoch:[2275][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7619 (9.0951)
Epoch:[2275][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1459 (9.0979)
epoch 2275 finished, takes 33.093806982040405 seconds
Epoch:[2276][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7835 (8.7835)
Epoch:[2276][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1291 (8.9563)
Epoch:[2276][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9964 (8.9696)
Epoch:[2276][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4771 (9.0965)
Epoch:[2276][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4317 (9.1636)
Epoch:[2276][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1049 (9.1538)
Epoch:[2276][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1093 (9.1474)
Epoch:[2276][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9262 (9.1198)
Epoch:[2276][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7289 (9.0763)
Epoch:[2276][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3395 (9.1027)
Epoch:[2276][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2205 (9.1134)
Epoch:[2276][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0713 (9.1099)
Epoch:[2276][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2350 (9.1195)
Epoch:[2276][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0939 (9.1177)
Epoch:[2276][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1543 (9.1201)
Epoch:[2276][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2347 (9.1273)
Epoch:[2276][16/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4513 (9.1463)
Epoch:[2276][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1214 (9.1449)
epoch 2276 finished, takes 34.21186065673828 seconds
Epoch:[2277][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9909 (8.9909)
Epoch:[2277][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6411 (8.8160)
Epoch:[2277][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4228 (9.0183)
Epoch:[2277][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9916 (9.0116)
Epoch:[2277][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6522 (8.9397)
Epoch:[2277][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6042 (8.8838)
Epoch:[2277][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3563 (8.9513)
Epoch:[2277][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4346 (9.0117)
Epoch:[2277][ 8/18]	Time 2.26 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1861 (9.0311)
Epoch:[2277][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9975 (9.0277)
Epoch:[2277][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0507 (9.0298)
Epoch:[2277][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1460 (9.0395)
Epoch:[2277][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0853 (9.0430)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5586622138311201  precision:  0.6093396747214214  f1:  0.5028458714960282 perclass recall:  [0.98954124 0.73998856 0.74764521 0.18812375 0.12801231]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7436919297072213  precision:  0.765199747634479  f1:  0.7456896674096762 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.60208333 0.79910714 0.74603175 0.68607595 0.70515971
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7029913202792332  precision:  0.703977958718054  f1:  0.6895697725436484 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.43320611 0.9030303  0.51240695]
Epoch:[2277][13/18]	Time 12.22 (2.60)	Data 10.32 (0.74)	Loss 8.9223 (9.0344)
Epoch:[2277][14/18]	Time 2.01 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 8.8516 (9.0222)
Epoch:[2277][15/18]	Time 1.87 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.0254 (9.0224)
Epoch:[2277][16/18]	Time 1.59 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.5747 (9.0549)
Epoch:[2277][17/18]	Time 1.74 (2.42)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 9.7705 (9.0947)
epoch 2277 finished, takes 43.62894630432129 seconds
Epoch:[2278][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5273 (9.5273)
Epoch:[2278][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0266 (9.2769)
Epoch:[2278][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7899 (9.1146)
Epoch:[2278][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4780 (9.2054)
Epoch:[2278][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1194 (9.1882)
Epoch:[2278][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0949 (9.1727)
Epoch:[2278][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5294 (9.2236)
Epoch:[2278][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1509 (9.2146)
Epoch:[2278][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2317 (9.2165)
Epoch:[2278][ 9/18]	Time 1.54 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6374 (9.1585)
Epoch:[2278][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3783 (9.1785)
Epoch:[2278][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6385 (9.1335)
Epoch:[2278][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4740 (9.1597)
Epoch:[2278][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0145 (9.1493)
Epoch:[2278][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8493 (9.1293)
Epoch:[2278][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7926 (9.1083)
Epoch:[2278][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2488 (9.1166)
Epoch:[2278][17/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0738 (9.1142)
epoch 2278 finished, takes 33.79913067817688 seconds
Epoch:[2279][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5413 (8.5413)
Epoch:[2279][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7977 (8.6695)
Epoch:[2279][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8108 (8.7166)
Epoch:[2279][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7579 (8.7269)
Epoch:[2279][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3604 (8.8536)
Epoch:[2279][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9533 (8.8702)
Epoch:[2279][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1595 (8.9116)
Epoch:[2279][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8582 (8.9049)
Epoch:[2279][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4854 (8.9694)
Epoch:[2279][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6925 (8.9417)
Epoch:[2279][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6158 (8.9121)
Epoch:[2279][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0557 (8.9240)
Epoch:[2279][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8984 (8.9221)
Epoch:[2279][13/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1684 (8.9397)
Epoch:[2279][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6819 (8.9225)
Epoch:[2279][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3428 (8.9487)
Epoch:[2279][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3322 (8.9713)
Epoch:[2279][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3927 (8.9947)
epoch 2279 finished, takes 33.993408203125 seconds
Epoch:[2280][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2863 (9.2863)
Epoch:[2280][ 1/18]	Time 1.58 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7212 (9.0038)
Epoch:[2280][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8355 (8.9477)
Epoch:[2280][ 3/18]	Time 1.57 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5482 (9.0978)
Epoch:[2280][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2932 (8.9369)
Epoch:[2280][ 5/18]	Time 1.63 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5240 (9.0347)
Epoch:[2280][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0880 (9.0424)
Epoch:[2280][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1500 (9.0558)
Epoch:[2280][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2293 (9.0751)
Epoch:[2280][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8227 (9.0498)
Epoch:[2280][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3024 (9.0728)
Epoch:[2280][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3311 (9.0110)
Epoch:[2280][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2503 (9.0294)
Epoch:[2280][13/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9349 (9.0227)
Epoch:[2280][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0935 (9.0274)
Epoch:[2280][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1529 (9.0352)
Epoch:[2280][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9566 (9.0306)
Epoch:[2280][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9509 (9.0262)
epoch 2280 finished, takes 33.44993758201599 seconds
Epoch:[2281][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6073 (9.6073)
Epoch:[2281][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2499 (9.4286)
Epoch:[2281][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2819 (9.3797)
Epoch:[2281][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7287 (9.2169)
Epoch:[2281][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2009 (9.2137)
Epoch:[2281][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8978 (9.1611)
Epoch:[2281][ 6/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1355 (9.1574)
Epoch:[2281][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4826 (9.1981)
Epoch:[2281][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5897 (9.2416)
Epoch:[2281][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9619 (9.2136)
Epoch:[2281][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8407 (9.1797)
Epoch:[2281][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7051 (9.1402)
Epoch:[2281][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3112 (9.1533)
Epoch:[2281][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3434 (9.1669)
Epoch:[2281][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8865 (9.1482)
Epoch:[2281][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8783 (9.1313)
Epoch:[2281][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0960 (9.1293)
Epoch:[2281][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6312 (9.1016)
epoch 2281 finished, takes 33.942813873291016 seconds
Epoch:[2282][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8818 (8.8818)
Epoch:[2282][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6704 (9.2761)
Epoch:[2282][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2691 (9.2738)
Epoch:[2282][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1307 (9.2380)
Epoch:[2282][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0574 (9.2019)
Epoch:[2282][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1296 (9.1898)
Epoch:[2282][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7123 (9.1216)
Epoch:[2282][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9665 (9.1022)
Epoch:[2282][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8838 (9.0779)
Epoch:[2282][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1830 (9.0885)
Epoch:[2282][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1514 (9.0942)
Epoch:[2282][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6381 (9.1395)
Epoch:[2282][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3248 (9.1538)
Epoch:[2282][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0089 (9.1434)
Epoch:[2282][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5757 (9.1722)
Epoch:[2282][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7544 (9.1461)
Epoch:[2282][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5136 (9.1677)
Epoch:[2282][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2297 (9.1712)
epoch 2282 finished, takes 33.819228172302246 seconds
Epoch:[2283][ 0/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1251 (9.1251)
Epoch:[2283][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9029 (9.0140)
Epoch:[2283][ 2/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8154 (8.9478)
Epoch:[2283][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8207 (8.9160)
Epoch:[2283][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8460 (8.9020)
Epoch:[2283][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5369 (9.0078)
Epoch:[2283][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3640 (9.0587)
Epoch:[2283][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5175 (9.1161)
Epoch:[2283][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0643 (9.1103)
Epoch:[2283][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9459 (9.0939)
Epoch:[2283][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5303 (9.1336)
Epoch:[2283][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1582 (9.1356)
Epoch:[2283][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2008 (9.1406)
Epoch:[2283][13/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2893 (9.1512)
Epoch:[2283][14/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2079 (9.1550)
Epoch:[2283][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6134 (9.1212)
Epoch:[2283][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9856 (9.1132)
Epoch:[2283][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7895 (9.0952)
epoch 2283 finished, takes 34.13317251205444 seconds
Epoch:[2284][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9473 (8.9473)
Epoch:[2284][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7607 (8.8540)
Epoch:[2284][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1596 (8.9559)
Epoch:[2284][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0705 (8.9845)
Epoch:[2284][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0631 (9.0002)
Epoch:[2284][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3912 (9.0654)
Epoch:[2284][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0764 (9.0670)
Epoch:[2284][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0101 (9.0599)
Epoch:[2284][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1267 (9.0673)
Epoch:[2284][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9796 (9.0585)
Epoch:[2284][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5079 (9.0085)
Epoch:[2284][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3066 (9.0333)
Epoch:[2284][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3545 (9.0580)
Epoch:[2284][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2143 (9.0692)
Epoch:[2284][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8175 (9.0524)
Epoch:[2284][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6426 (9.0268)
Epoch:[2284][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5143 (8.9966)
Epoch:[2284][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8714 (8.9897)
epoch 2284 finished, takes 33.53550052642822 seconds
Epoch:[2285][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8870 (8.8870)
Epoch:[2285][ 1/18]	Time 1.61 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2356 (9.0613)
Epoch:[2285][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1753 (9.0993)
Epoch:[2285][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4800 (9.1945)
Epoch:[2285][ 4/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0387 (9.1633)
Epoch:[2285][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0100 (9.1378)
Epoch:[2285][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6044 (9.0616)
Epoch:[2285][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0462 (9.0597)
Epoch:[2285][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2881 (9.0850)
Epoch:[2285][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5902 (9.1356)
Epoch:[2285][10/18]	Time 1.53 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8416 (9.1088)
Epoch:[2285][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1984 (9.1163)
Epoch:[2285][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2868 (9.1294)
Epoch:[2285][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7052 (9.0991)
Epoch:[2285][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0484 (9.0957)
Epoch:[2285][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8556 (9.0807)
Epoch:[2285][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7592 (9.0618)
Epoch:[2285][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5752 (9.0348)
epoch 2285 finished, takes 33.290809631347656 seconds
Epoch:[2286][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1660 (9.1660)
Epoch:[2286][ 1/18]	Time 2.18 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9119 (9.0390)
Epoch:[2286][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1636 (9.0805)
Epoch:[2286][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2804 (9.1305)
Epoch:[2286][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5074 (9.2059)
Epoch:[2286][ 5/18]	Time 1.59 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9358 (9.1609)
Epoch:[2286][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8429 (9.2583)
Epoch:[2286][ 7/18]	Time 1.56 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9673 (9.2219)
Epoch:[2286][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2763 (9.2280)
Epoch:[2286][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0744 (9.2126)
Epoch:[2286][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7381 (9.1695)
Epoch:[2286][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9173 (9.1484)
Epoch:[2286][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1688 (9.1500)
Epoch:[2286][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7654 (9.1225)
Epoch:[2286][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3578 (9.1382)
Epoch:[2286][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8453 (9.1199)
Epoch:[2286][16/18]	Time 2.25 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0117 (9.1136)
Epoch:[2286][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0234 (9.1085)
epoch 2286 finished, takes 34.46300196647644 seconds
Epoch:[2287][ 0/18]	Time 2.03 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1650 (9.1650)
Epoch:[2287][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5169 (8.8409)
Epoch:[2287][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0447 (8.9088)
Epoch:[2287][ 3/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7605 (8.8718)
Epoch:[2287][ 4/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1686 (8.9311)
Epoch:[2287][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9839 (8.9399)
Epoch:[2287][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2106 (8.9786)
Epoch:[2287][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1205 (8.9963)
Epoch:[2287][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2554 (9.0251)
Epoch:[2287][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2083 (9.0434)
Epoch:[2287][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9717 (9.0369)
Epoch:[2287][11/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8144 (9.0184)
Epoch:[2287][12/18]	Time 1.61 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2244 (9.0342)
Epoch:[2287][13/18]	Time 2.13 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9107 (9.0254)
Epoch:[2287][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0361 (9.0261)
Epoch:[2287][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4404 (9.0520)
Epoch:[2287][16/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1072 (9.0553)
Epoch:[2287][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7772 (9.0398)
epoch 2287 finished, takes 33.55711889266968 seconds
Epoch:[2288][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0510 (9.0510)
Epoch:[2288][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9573 (9.0042)
Epoch:[2288][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4379 (9.1487)
Epoch:[2288][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3249 (9.1928)
Epoch:[2288][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8992 (9.1341)
Epoch:[2288][ 5/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6172 (9.2146)
Epoch:[2288][ 6/18]	Time 1.64 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2238 (9.2159)
Epoch:[2288][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3078 (9.2274)
Epoch:[2288][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3417 (9.2401)
Epoch:[2288][ 9/18]	Time 2.18 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0913 (9.2252)
Epoch:[2288][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2315 (9.2258)
Epoch:[2288][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0505 (9.2112)
Epoch:[2288][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4594 (9.1534)
Epoch:[2288][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4494 (9.1745)
Epoch:[2288][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9822 (9.1617)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5591339003461319  precision:  0.6103280104451035  f1:  0.5036446999601344 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73984554 0.74764521 0.18795742 0.13091779]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7436919297072213  precision:  0.765199747634479  f1:  0.7456896674096762 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.60208333 0.79910714 0.74603175 0.68607595 0.70515971
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7031026039721465  precision:  0.7039678730994815  f1:  0.6895909421492857 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.51116625]
Epoch:[2288][15/18]	Time 12.38 (2.51)	Data 10.41 (0.65)	Loss 8.8325 (9.1411)
Epoch:[2288][16/18]	Time 2.09 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.0164 (9.1338)
Epoch:[2288][17/18]	Time 1.89 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.8709 (9.1747)
epoch 2288 finished, takes 44.16368818283081 seconds
Epoch:[2289][ 0/18]	Time 1.51 (1.51)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0356 (9.0356)
Epoch:[2289][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4589 (9.2473)
Epoch:[2289][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0286 (9.1744)
Epoch:[2289][ 3/18]	Time 1.71 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7756 (9.0747)
Epoch:[2289][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1334 (9.0864)
Epoch:[2289][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0276 (9.0766)
Epoch:[2289][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8953 (9.0507)
Epoch:[2289][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0638 (9.0524)
Epoch:[2289][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9177 (9.0374)
Epoch:[2289][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1892 (9.0526)
Epoch:[2289][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0458 (9.0520)
Epoch:[2289][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8757 (9.0373)
Epoch:[2289][12/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3454 (9.0610)
Epoch:[2289][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7472 (9.0386)
Epoch:[2289][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8829 (9.0282)
Epoch:[2289][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2869 (9.0443)
Epoch:[2289][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2426 (9.0560)
Epoch:[2289][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7592 (9.0395)
epoch 2289 finished, takes 33.88574004173279 seconds
Epoch:[2290][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2420 (9.2420)
Epoch:[2290][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9242 (9.0831)
Epoch:[2290][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7668 (8.9777)
Epoch:[2290][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3834 (9.0791)
Epoch:[2290][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9676 (9.0568)
Epoch:[2290][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5668 (9.1418)
Epoch:[2290][ 6/18]	Time 1.60 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5270 (9.0540)
Epoch:[2290][ 7/18]	Time 1.58 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5166 (9.1118)
Epoch:[2290][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8301 (9.0805)
Epoch:[2290][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3424 (9.1067)
Epoch:[2290][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2315 (9.1180)
Epoch:[2290][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0356 (9.1112)
Epoch:[2290][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9264 (9.0970)
Epoch:[2290][13/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4604 (9.0515)
Epoch:[2290][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9595 (9.0454)
Epoch:[2290][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7198 (9.0250)
Epoch:[2290][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8969 (9.0763)
Epoch:[2290][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1091 (9.0781)
epoch 2290 finished, takes 32.94033694267273 seconds
Epoch:[2291][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3061 (9.3061)
Epoch:[2291][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8679 (9.0870)
Epoch:[2291][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3684 (9.1808)
Epoch:[2291][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3329 (9.2188)
Epoch:[2291][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0543 (9.1859)
Epoch:[2291][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1104 (9.1733)
Epoch:[2291][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5262 (9.2237)
Epoch:[2291][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0170 (9.1979)
Epoch:[2291][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1255 (9.1898)
Epoch:[2291][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1711 (9.1880)
Epoch:[2291][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0818 (9.1783)
Epoch:[2291][11/18]	Time 2.22 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9531 (9.1596)
Epoch:[2291][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7306 (9.1266)
Epoch:[2291][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0435 (9.1206)
Epoch:[2291][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1836 (9.1248)
Epoch:[2291][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1794 (9.1282)
Epoch:[2291][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2143 (9.1333)
Epoch:[2291][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2307 (9.1387)
epoch 2291 finished, takes 34.20963263511658 seconds
Epoch:[2292][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0124 (9.0124)
Epoch:[2292][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7020 (8.8572)
Epoch:[2292][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7197 (8.8114)
Epoch:[2292][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0629 (8.8743)
Epoch:[2292][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4598 (8.9914)
Epoch:[2292][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3956 (8.8921)
Epoch:[2292][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0162 (8.9098)
Epoch:[2292][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2157 (8.9481)
Epoch:[2292][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8963 (8.9423)
Epoch:[2292][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8243 (8.9305)
Epoch:[2292][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5627 (8.9880)
Epoch:[2292][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8310 (8.9749)
Epoch:[2292][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9091 (8.9698)
Epoch:[2292][13/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1632 (8.9837)
Epoch:[2292][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5302 (9.0201)
Epoch:[2292][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9031 (9.0128)
Epoch:[2292][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2455 (9.0265)
Epoch:[2292][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2807 (9.0406)
epoch 2292 finished, takes 33.56928610801697 seconds
Epoch:[2293][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3379 (9.3379)
Epoch:[2293][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1183 (9.2281)
Epoch:[2293][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2982 (9.2515)
Epoch:[2293][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9125 (9.1667)
Epoch:[2293][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4957 (9.0325)
Epoch:[2293][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7609 (8.9872)
Epoch:[2293][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0779 (9.0002)
Epoch:[2293][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6843 (8.9607)
Epoch:[2293][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9947 (8.9645)
Epoch:[2293][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0481 (8.9728)
Epoch:[2293][10/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1858 (8.9922)
Epoch:[2293][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9351 (8.9874)
Epoch:[2293][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0627 (8.9932)
Epoch:[2293][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5811 (8.9638)
Epoch:[2293][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0176 (8.9674)
Epoch:[2293][15/18]	Time 2.26 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1362 (8.9779)
Epoch:[2293][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1006 (8.9851)
Epoch:[2293][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4115 (9.0088)
epoch 2293 finished, takes 33.942567586898804 seconds
Epoch:[2294][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5725 (8.5725)
Epoch:[2294][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1236 (8.8480)
Epoch:[2294][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1055 (8.9338)
Epoch:[2294][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3298 (9.0328)
Epoch:[2294][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2824 (9.0828)
Epoch:[2294][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3895 (9.1339)
Epoch:[2294][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5777 (9.0544)
Epoch:[2294][ 7/18]	Time 2.09 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2770 (9.0822)
Epoch:[2294][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2824 (9.1045)
Epoch:[2294][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6692 (9.1609)
Epoch:[2294][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3143 (9.1749)
Epoch:[2294][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8517 (9.1480)
Epoch:[2294][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3618 (9.1644)
Epoch:[2294][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6539 (9.1994)
Epoch:[2294][14/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9693 (9.1840)
Epoch:[2294][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8918 (9.1658)
Epoch:[2294][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0795 (9.1607)
Epoch:[2294][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8772 (9.1450)
epoch 2294 finished, takes 34.03859782218933 seconds
Epoch:[2295][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3494 (9.3494)
Epoch:[2295][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8440 (9.0967)
Epoch:[2295][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2348 (9.1427)
Epoch:[2295][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8403 (9.0671)
Epoch:[2295][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5858 (8.9709)
Epoch:[2295][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2584 (9.0188)
Epoch:[2295][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2945 (9.0582)
Epoch:[2295][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9386 (9.0432)
Epoch:[2295][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9899 (9.0373)
Epoch:[2295][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9011 (9.0237)
Epoch:[2295][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1020 (9.0308)
Epoch:[2295][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8097 (9.0124)
Epoch:[2295][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0175 (9.0128)
Epoch:[2295][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5910 (9.0541)
Epoch:[2295][14/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8446 (9.0401)
Epoch:[2295][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9060 (9.0317)
Epoch:[2295][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1865 (9.0408)
Epoch:[2295][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2316 (9.0514)
epoch 2295 finished, takes 33.731600522994995 seconds
Epoch:[2296][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7731 (8.7731)
Epoch:[2296][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2975 (9.0353)
Epoch:[2296][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8606 (9.3104)
Epoch:[2296][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2124 (9.2859)
Epoch:[2296][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1003 (9.2488)
Epoch:[2296][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8535 (9.1829)
Epoch:[2296][ 6/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3271 (9.2035)
Epoch:[2296][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8365 (9.1577)
Epoch:[2296][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1000 (9.1513)
Epoch:[2296][ 9/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6021 (9.0963)
Epoch:[2296][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3301 (9.1176)
Epoch:[2296][11/18]	Time 2.13 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2701 (9.1303)
Epoch:[2296][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0393 (9.1233)
Epoch:[2296][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0487 (9.1180)
Epoch:[2296][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1380 (9.1193)
Epoch:[2296][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1613 (9.1219)
Epoch:[2296][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2984 (9.1323)
Epoch:[2296][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7282 (9.1099)
epoch 2296 finished, takes 33.31385374069214 seconds
Epoch:[2297][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3603 (9.3603)
Epoch:[2297][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1477 (9.2540)
Epoch:[2297][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9305 (9.1462)
Epoch:[2297][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6014 (9.0100)
Epoch:[2297][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0980 (9.0276)
Epoch:[2297][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9613 (9.0165)
Epoch:[2297][ 6/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9001 (8.9999)
Epoch:[2297][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3155 (9.0393)
Epoch:[2297][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9667 (9.0313)
Epoch:[2297][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2018 (9.0483)
Epoch:[2297][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3847 (9.0789)
Epoch:[2297][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4488 (9.1097)
Epoch:[2297][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0688 (9.1066)
Epoch:[2297][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0075 (9.0995)
Epoch:[2297][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3987 (9.1195)
Epoch:[2297][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0877 (9.1175)
Epoch:[2297][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5104 (9.1406)
Epoch:[2297][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4426 (9.1574)
epoch 2297 finished, takes 33.27896547317505 seconds
Epoch:[2298][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0045 (9.0045)
Epoch:[2298][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4086 (9.2066)
Epoch:[2298][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1557 (9.1896)
Epoch:[2298][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1105 (9.1698)
Epoch:[2298][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1376 (9.1634)
Epoch:[2298][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1098 (9.1545)
Epoch:[2298][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1042 (9.1473)
Epoch:[2298][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9359 (9.1208)
Epoch:[2298][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2282 (9.1328)
Epoch:[2298][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9795 (9.1175)
Epoch:[2298][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9555 (9.1027)
Epoch:[2298][11/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1048 (9.1029)
Epoch:[2298][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6687 (9.0695)
Epoch:[2298][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9921 (9.0640)
Epoch:[2298][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2328 (9.0752)
Epoch:[2298][15/18]	Time 2.20 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5520 (9.1050)
Epoch:[2298][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9284 (9.0946)
Epoch:[2298][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3387 (9.1082)
epoch 2298 finished, takes 33.49699926376343 seconds
Epoch:[2299][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1284 (9.1284)
Epoch:[2299][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3100 (9.2192)
Epoch:[2299][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5209 (8.9864)
Epoch:[2299][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6709 (8.9076)
Epoch:[2299][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6208 (9.0502)
Epoch:[2299][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2619 (9.0855)
Epoch:[2299][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5372 (9.0072)
Epoch:[2299][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4154 (9.0582)
Epoch:[2299][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9885 (9.0505)
Epoch:[2299][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6846 (9.0139)
Epoch:[2299][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4714 (9.0555)
Epoch:[2299][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4144 (9.0020)
Epoch:[2299][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1632 (9.0144)
Epoch:[2299][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4540 (9.0458)
Epoch:[2299][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2790 (9.0614)
Epoch:[2299][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1211 (9.0651)
Epoch:[2299][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0032 (9.0615)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.55937681077373  precision:  0.6107243250317408  f1:  0.5039422836958536 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73998856 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.13143052]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742933813205406  precision:  0.7646479220143072  f1:  0.745035308741749 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.70320599520457  precision:  0.7040976494708544  f1:  0.6897378996849083 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.5117866 ]
Epoch:[2299][17/18]	Time 13.13 (2.48)	Data 11.18 (0.62)	Loss 8.8875 (9.0518)
epoch 2299 finished, takes 44.70152711868286 seconds
Epoch:[2300][ 0/18]	Time 2.18 (2.18)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2534 (9.2534)
Epoch:[2300][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9856 (9.1195)
Epoch:[2300][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0212 (9.0867)
Epoch:[2300][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8877 (9.0370)
Epoch:[2300][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9657 (9.0227)
Epoch:[2300][ 5/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2714 (9.0642)
Epoch:[2300][ 6/18]	Time 1.61 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0336 (9.0598)
Epoch:[2300][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6591 (9.1347)
Epoch:[2300][ 8/18]	Time 1.71 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2548 (9.1481)
Epoch:[2300][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7420 (9.1075)
Epoch:[2300][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1760 (9.1137)
Epoch:[2300][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4595 (9.1425)
Epoch:[2300][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0241 (9.1334)
Epoch:[2300][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9418 (9.1197)
Epoch:[2300][14/18]	Time 1.59 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2757 (9.1301)
Epoch:[2300][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8123 (9.1103)
Epoch:[2300][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5927 (9.0798)
Epoch:[2300][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4853 (9.1023)
epoch 2300 finished, takes 32.42991280555725 seconds
Epoch:[2301][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2814 (9.2814)
Epoch:[2301][ 1/18]	Time 2.08 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0130 (9.1472)
Epoch:[2301][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2501 (9.1815)
Epoch:[2301][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6069 (9.0379)
Epoch:[2301][ 4/18]	Time 1.64 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8256 (8.9954)
Epoch:[2301][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2265 (9.0339)
Epoch:[2301][ 6/18]	Time 2.26 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9350 (9.0198)
Epoch:[2301][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9583 (9.0121)
Epoch:[2301][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0097 (9.0118)
Epoch:[2301][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1895 (9.0296)
Epoch:[2301][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0528 (9.0317)
Epoch:[2301][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9162 (9.0221)
Epoch:[2301][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3415 (9.0467)
Epoch:[2301][13/18]	Time 1.53 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1992 (9.0575)
Epoch:[2301][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8848 (9.0460)
Epoch:[2301][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8159 (9.0316)
Epoch:[2301][16/18]	Time 2.21 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0148 (9.0307)
Epoch:[2301][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0048 (9.0292)
epoch 2301 finished, takes 33.091848611831665 seconds
Epoch:[2302][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7803 (8.7803)
Epoch:[2302][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0378 (8.9091)
Epoch:[2302][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2741 (8.6974)
Epoch:[2302][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8091 (8.7253)
Epoch:[2302][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9091 (8.7621)
Epoch:[2302][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8020 (8.7687)
Epoch:[2302][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1842 (8.8281)
Epoch:[2302][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0060 (8.8503)
Epoch:[2302][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8902 (8.8548)
Epoch:[2302][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9856 (8.8678)
Epoch:[2302][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8215 (8.8636)
Epoch:[2302][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9133 (8.8678)
Epoch:[2302][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2273 (8.8954)
Epoch:[2302][13/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8340 (8.8910)
Epoch:[2302][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0892 (8.9042)
Epoch:[2302][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3548 (8.9324)
Epoch:[2302][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3232 (8.9554)
Epoch:[2302][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9980 (8.9578)
epoch 2302 finished, takes 33.45313835144043 seconds
Epoch:[2303][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3958 (9.3958)
Epoch:[2303][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1904 (9.2931)
Epoch:[2303][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8140 (9.1334)
Epoch:[2303][ 3/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8768 (9.0692)
Epoch:[2303][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9710 (9.0496)
Epoch:[2303][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1036 (9.0586)
Epoch:[2303][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7924 (9.0206)
Epoch:[2303][ 7/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3967 (8.9426)
Epoch:[2303][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7738 (8.9238)
Epoch:[2303][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6012 (8.8916)
Epoch:[2303][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3269 (8.9311)
Epoch:[2303][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0052 (8.9373)
Epoch:[2303][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7734 (8.9247)
Epoch:[2303][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2244 (8.9461)
Epoch:[2303][14/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8764 (8.9415)
Epoch:[2303][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0851 (8.9504)
Epoch:[2303][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0779 (8.9579)
Epoch:[2303][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9192 (8.9558)
epoch 2303 finished, takes 33.378021240234375 seconds
Epoch:[2304][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8332 (8.8332)
Epoch:[2304][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2137 (9.0234)
Epoch:[2304][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8397 (8.9622)
Epoch:[2304][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9890 (8.9689)
Epoch:[2304][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1602 (9.0072)
Epoch:[2304][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9505 (8.9977)
Epoch:[2304][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0172 (9.0005)
Epoch:[2304][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1844 (9.0235)
Epoch:[2304][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0784 (9.0296)
Epoch:[2304][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1358 (9.0402)
Epoch:[2304][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7012 (9.0094)
Epoch:[2304][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9469 (9.0042)
Epoch:[2304][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7542 (8.9850)
Epoch:[2304][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3179 (9.0088)
Epoch:[2304][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7570 (8.9920)
Epoch:[2304][15/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9107 (8.9869)
Epoch:[2304][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7394 (8.9723)
Epoch:[2304][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9655 (8.9720)
epoch 2304 finished, takes 33.586832761764526 seconds
Epoch:[2305][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8736 (8.8736)
Epoch:[2305][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0451 (8.9594)
Epoch:[2305][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1562 (9.0250)
Epoch:[2305][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9373 (9.0030)
Epoch:[2305][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7042 (8.9433)
Epoch:[2305][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2207 (8.9895)
Epoch:[2305][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5300 (8.9239)
Epoch:[2305][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9953 (8.9328)
Epoch:[2305][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9999 (8.9402)
Epoch:[2305][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9322 (8.9394)
Epoch:[2305][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9276 (8.9384)
Epoch:[2305][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1408 (8.9552)
Epoch:[2305][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0954 (8.9660)
Epoch:[2305][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7976 (8.9540)
Epoch:[2305][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2510 (8.9738)
Epoch:[2305][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4999 (9.0067)
Epoch:[2305][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3818 (9.0287)
Epoch:[2305][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0497 (9.0299)
epoch 2305 finished, takes 33.96112775802612 seconds
Epoch:[2306][ 0/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4186 (9.4186)
Epoch:[2306][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7200 (9.0693)
Epoch:[2306][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1682 (9.1023)
Epoch:[2306][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2903 (9.1493)
Epoch:[2306][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5530 (9.2300)
Epoch:[2306][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1432 (9.2156)
Epoch:[2306][ 6/18]	Time 2.33 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8217 (9.1593)
Epoch:[2306][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8982 (9.1267)
Epoch:[2306][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9679 (9.1090)
Epoch:[2306][ 9/18]	Time 1.52 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0156 (9.0997)
Epoch:[2306][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1199 (9.1015)
Epoch:[2306][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4878 (9.1337)
Epoch:[2306][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2297 (9.1411)
Epoch:[2306][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1088 (9.1388)
Epoch:[2306][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4138 (9.0904)
Epoch:[2306][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9142 (9.0794)
Epoch:[2306][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8060 (9.0633)
Epoch:[2306][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9930 (9.0594)
epoch 2306 finished, takes 33.61465859413147 seconds
Epoch:[2307][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8308 (8.8308)
Epoch:[2307][ 1/18]	Time 2.27 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7176 (8.7742)
Epoch:[2307][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3335 (8.9606)
Epoch:[2307][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0733 (8.9888)
Epoch:[2307][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7630 (8.9436)
Epoch:[2307][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8657 (8.9306)
Epoch:[2307][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9892 (8.9390)
Epoch:[2307][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8801 (8.9316)
Epoch:[2307][ 8/18]	Time 2.20 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8641 (8.9241)
Epoch:[2307][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1674 (8.9485)
Epoch:[2307][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3414 (8.9842)
Epoch:[2307][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8605 (8.9739)
Epoch:[2307][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6768 (8.9510)
Epoch:[2307][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7643 (9.0091)
Epoch:[2307][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6497 (8.9852)
Epoch:[2307][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9188 (8.9810)
Epoch:[2307][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.0075 (9.0414)
Epoch:[2307][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0299 (9.0407)
epoch 2307 finished, takes 34.326889514923096 seconds
Epoch:[2308][ 0/18]	Time 2.08 (2.08)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8481 (8.8481)
Epoch:[2308][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0350 (8.9416)
Epoch:[2308][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1593 (9.0142)
Epoch:[2308][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4837 (9.1315)
Epoch:[2308][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2836 (8.9619)
Epoch:[2308][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2340 (9.0073)
Epoch:[2308][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0058 (9.0071)
Epoch:[2308][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9258 (8.9969)
Epoch:[2308][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3598 (9.0372)
Epoch:[2308][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5849 (9.0920)
Epoch:[2308][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2666 (9.1079)
Epoch:[2308][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0243 (9.1009)
Epoch:[2308][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0957 (9.1005)
Epoch:[2308][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5484 (9.1325)
Epoch:[2308][14/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1547 (9.1340)
Epoch:[2308][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0150 (9.1265)
Epoch:[2308][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2467 (9.1336)
Epoch:[2308][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0369 (9.1282)
epoch 2308 finished, takes 33.86449384689331 seconds
Epoch:[2309][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9225 (8.9225)
Epoch:[2309][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8601 (8.8913)
Epoch:[2309][ 2/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1951 (8.9926)
Epoch:[2309][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9384 (8.9790)
Epoch:[2309][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6373 (8.9107)
Epoch:[2309][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0892 (8.9404)
Epoch:[2309][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5746 (9.0310)
Epoch:[2309][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3845 (8.9502)
Epoch:[2309][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6573 (8.9177)
Epoch:[2309][ 9/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8713 (8.9130)
Epoch:[2309][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1702 (8.9364)
Epoch:[2309][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3082 (8.9674)
Epoch:[2309][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8158 (8.9557)
Epoch:[2309][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2692 (8.9781)
Epoch:[2309][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8948 (8.9726)
Epoch:[2309][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7682 (8.9598)
Epoch:[2309][16/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3026 (8.9800)
Epoch:[2309][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6377 (9.0165)
epoch 2309 finished, takes 33.630871534347534 seconds
Epoch:[2310][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6721 (8.6721)
Epoch:[2310][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8829 (8.7775)
Epoch:[2310][ 2/18]	Time 1.58 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7428 (8.7660)
Epoch:[2310][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7931 (9.0227)
Epoch:[2310][ 4/18]	Time 2.12 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1819 (9.0546)
Epoch:[2310][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0658 (9.0564)
Epoch:[2310][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0488 (9.0554)
Epoch:[2310][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4641 (9.1065)
Epoch:[2310][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.1563 (9.0009)
Epoch:[2310][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0057 (9.0014)
Epoch:[2310][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7877 (8.9819)
Epoch:[2310][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1203 (8.9935)
Epoch:[2310][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9230 (8.9880)
Epoch:[2310][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8817 (8.9804)
Epoch:[2310][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9053 (8.9754)
Epoch:[2310][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6601 (8.9557)
Epoch:[2310][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2738 (8.9744)
Epoch:[2310][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1168 (8.9823)
epoch 2310 finished, takes 33.20423746109009 seconds
Epoch:[2311][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8937 (8.8937)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5576732792918933  precision:  0.6043704802709877  f1:  0.5011557923367287 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73984554 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.12305589]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7435500442722949  precision:  0.7650218953102659  f1:  0.7456049312803308 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.60208333 0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.76300578 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7031026039721465  precision:  0.7038317033226092  f1:  0.6895386571823398 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.51116625]
Epoch:[2311][ 1/18]	Time 12.20 (7.07)	Data 10.35 (5.18)	Loss 9.2035 (9.0486)
Epoch:[2311][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (5.32)	Data 0.00 (3.45)	Loss 9.1416 (9.0796)
Epoch:[2311][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (4.41)	Data 0.00 (2.59)	Loss 9.3606 (9.1499)
Epoch:[2311][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (3.91)	Data 0.00 (2.07)	Loss 8.8242 (9.0847)
Epoch:[2311][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (3.55)	Data 0.00 (1.73)	Loss 9.0358 (9.0766)
Epoch:[2311][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (3.32)	Data 0.00 (1.48)	Loss 9.0059 (9.0665)
Epoch:[2311][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (3.13)	Data 0.00 (1.29)	Loss 8.8067 (9.0340)
Epoch:[2311][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (2.98)	Data 0.00 (1.15)	Loss 9.1625 (9.0483)
Epoch:[2311][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (2.89)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 8.9401 (9.0375)
Epoch:[2311][10/18]	Time 1.77 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 9.0120 (9.0351)
Epoch:[2311][11/18]	Time 2.12 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.1043 (9.0409)
Epoch:[2311][12/18]	Time 1.96 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 8.8223 (9.0241)
Epoch:[2311][13/18]	Time 1.81 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.1655 (9.0342)
Epoch:[2311][14/18]	Time 1.87 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 8.7033 (9.0121)
Epoch:[2311][15/18]	Time 1.75 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.4161 (9.0374)
Epoch:[2311][16/18]	Time 2.11 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.4396 (9.0610)
Epoch:[2311][17/18]	Time 1.93 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 8.6191 (9.0365)
epoch 2311 finished, takes 44.2083203792572 seconds
Epoch:[2312][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9077 (8.9077)
Epoch:[2312][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8511 (8.8794)
Epoch:[2312][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4999 (9.0862)
Epoch:[2312][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3940 (8.9132)
Epoch:[2312][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3781 (9.0062)
Epoch:[2312][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8338 (8.9774)
Epoch:[2312][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8239 (8.9555)
Epoch:[2312][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0896 (8.9723)
Epoch:[2312][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2063 (8.9983)
Epoch:[2312][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8261 (8.9811)
Epoch:[2312][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2390 (9.0045)
Epoch:[2312][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1264 (9.0147)
Epoch:[2312][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1549 (9.0255)
Epoch:[2312][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3989 (9.0521)
Epoch:[2312][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9519 (9.0454)
Epoch:[2312][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5033 (9.0741)
Epoch:[2312][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7281 (9.0537)
Epoch:[2312][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3206 (9.0685)
epoch 2312 finished, takes 33.917908906936646 seconds
Epoch:[2313][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0853 (9.0853)
Epoch:[2313][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (2.02)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4990 (9.2922)
Epoch:[2313][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8487 (9.1443)
Epoch:[2313][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3977 (8.9577)
Epoch:[2313][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9291 (8.9520)
Epoch:[2313][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0595 (8.9699)
Epoch:[2313][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6781 (8.9282)
Epoch:[2313][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1028 (8.9500)
Epoch:[2313][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9098 (8.9456)
Epoch:[2313][ 9/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0364 (8.9546)
Epoch:[2313][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1361 (8.9711)
Epoch:[2313][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0295 (8.9760)
Epoch:[2313][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0454 (8.9813)
Epoch:[2313][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0445 (8.9858)
Epoch:[2313][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1664 (8.9979)
Epoch:[2313][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2901 (9.0161)
Epoch:[2313][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3073 (9.0333)
Epoch:[2313][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2732 (9.0466)
epoch 2313 finished, takes 34.20075988769531 seconds
Epoch:[2314][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3695 (9.3695)
Epoch:[2314][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3121 (9.3408)
Epoch:[2314][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2273 (9.3030)
Epoch:[2314][ 3/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4964 (9.3513)
Epoch:[2314][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7659 (9.2343)
Epoch:[2314][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7941 (9.1609)
Epoch:[2314][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1587 (9.1606)
Epoch:[2314][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7198 (9.1055)
Epoch:[2314][ 8/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2623 (9.1229)
Epoch:[2314][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4710 (9.0577)
Epoch:[2314][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3404 (9.0834)
Epoch:[2314][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9547 (9.0727)
Epoch:[2314][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7911 (9.0510)
Epoch:[2314][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3339 (9.0712)
Epoch:[2314][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0609 (9.0705)
Epoch:[2314][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2583 (9.0823)
Epoch:[2314][16/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0812 (9.0822)
Epoch:[2314][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8677 (9.0703)
epoch 2314 finished, takes 33.78766345977783 seconds
Epoch:[2315][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7707 (8.7707)
Epoch:[2315][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4088 (9.0897)
Epoch:[2315][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2658 (9.1484)
Epoch:[2315][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9895 (9.1087)
Epoch:[2315][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3316 (9.1533)
Epoch:[2315][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0916 (9.1430)
Epoch:[2315][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8764 (9.1049)
Epoch:[2315][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2064 (9.1176)
Epoch:[2315][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2329 (9.1304)
Epoch:[2315][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8948 (9.1069)
Epoch:[2315][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6953 (9.0694)
Epoch:[2315][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7077 (9.0393)
Epoch:[2315][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9793 (9.0347)
Epoch:[2315][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2865 (9.0527)
Epoch:[2315][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8360 (9.0382)
Epoch:[2315][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8373 (9.0257)
Epoch:[2315][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0198 (9.0253)
Epoch:[2315][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8456 (9.0153)
epoch 2315 finished, takes 33.35330057144165 seconds
Epoch:[2316][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0601 (9.0601)
Epoch:[2316][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8618 (8.9610)
Epoch:[2316][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0574 (8.9931)
Epoch:[2316][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9040 (8.9708)
Epoch:[2316][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0417 (8.9850)
Epoch:[2316][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1157 (9.0068)
Epoch:[2316][ 6/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1204 (9.0230)
Epoch:[2316][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3537 (9.0643)
Epoch:[2316][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0176 (9.0592)
Epoch:[2316][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7901 (9.0322)
Epoch:[2316][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5217 (9.0767)
Epoch:[2316][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6928 (9.0447)
Epoch:[2316][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0683 (9.0466)
Epoch:[2316][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1571 (9.0545)
Epoch:[2316][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9536 (9.0477)
Epoch:[2316][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8934 (9.0381)
Epoch:[2316][16/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9579 (9.0334)
Epoch:[2316][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0710 (9.0355)
epoch 2316 finished, takes 34.01129078865051 seconds
Epoch:[2317][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6700 (9.6700)
Epoch:[2317][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5348 (9.6024)
Epoch:[2317][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4724 (9.5591)
Epoch:[2317][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2727 (9.4875)
Epoch:[2317][ 4/18]	Time 1.57 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7852 (9.3470)
Epoch:[2317][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9387 (9.2790)
Epoch:[2317][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3555 (9.2899)
Epoch:[2317][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2812 (9.2888)
Epoch:[2317][ 8/18]	Time 2.16 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6741 (9.2205)
Epoch:[2317][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9590 (9.1944)
Epoch:[2317][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8089 (9.1593)
Epoch:[2317][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1332 (9.1572)
Epoch:[2317][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7815 (9.1283)
Epoch:[2317][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1401 (9.1291)
Epoch:[2317][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6110 (9.0946)
Epoch:[2317][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7698 (9.0743)
Epoch:[2317][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8329 (9.0601)
Epoch:[2317][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5201 (9.0856)
epoch 2317 finished, takes 33.20225930213928 seconds
Epoch:[2318][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5932 (8.5932)
Epoch:[2318][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9677 (8.7804)
Epoch:[2318][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3417 (8.9675)
Epoch:[2318][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1765 (9.0198)
Epoch:[2318][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8221 (8.9802)
Epoch:[2318][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0676 (8.9948)
Epoch:[2318][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7093 (8.9540)
Epoch:[2318][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7766 (8.9318)
Epoch:[2318][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8316 (8.9207)
Epoch:[2318][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1767 (8.9463)
Epoch:[2318][10/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3307 (8.9813)
Epoch:[2318][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9092 (8.9752)
Epoch:[2318][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0312 (8.9796)
Epoch:[2318][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7857 (8.9657)
Epoch:[2318][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8769 (8.9598)
Epoch:[2318][15/18]	Time 2.22 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1553 (9.0345)
Epoch:[2318][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2394 (9.0466)
Epoch:[2318][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6418 (9.0241)
epoch 2318 finished, takes 33.63880109786987 seconds
Epoch:[2319][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4363 (9.4363)
Epoch:[2319][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7911 (9.1137)
Epoch:[2319][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0722 (9.0999)
Epoch:[2319][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3385 (9.1595)
Epoch:[2319][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8357 (9.0947)
Epoch:[2319][ 5/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9105 (9.0640)
Epoch:[2319][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1864 (9.0815)
Epoch:[2319][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3005 (9.1089)
Epoch:[2319][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2510 (9.1247)
Epoch:[2319][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1446 (9.1267)
Epoch:[2319][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7092 (9.0887)
Epoch:[2319][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0963 (9.0894)
Epoch:[2319][12/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7882 (9.0662)
Epoch:[2319][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0386 (9.0642)
Epoch:[2319][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8841 (9.0522)
Epoch:[2319][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5818 (9.0853)
Epoch:[2319][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7413 (9.0651)
Epoch:[2319][17/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2832 (9.0772)
epoch 2319 finished, takes 34.12376523017883 seconds
Epoch:[2320][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2100 (9.2100)
Epoch:[2320][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0997 (9.1548)
Epoch:[2320][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8465 (9.0520)
Epoch:[2320][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7965 (8.9882)
Epoch:[2320][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9320 (8.9769)
Epoch:[2320][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3258 (9.0351)
Epoch:[2320][ 6/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1234 (9.0477)
Epoch:[2320][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6337 (8.9960)
Epoch:[2320][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3611 (9.0365)
Epoch:[2320][ 9/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8398 (9.0169)
Epoch:[2320][10/18]	Time 1.59 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6122 (8.9801)
Epoch:[2320][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6408 (8.9518)
Epoch:[2320][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1412 (8.9664)
Epoch:[2320][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3978 (8.9972)
Epoch:[2320][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1358 (9.0064)
Epoch:[2320][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2909 (9.0242)
Epoch:[2320][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1940 (9.0342)
Epoch:[2320][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9357 (9.0287)
epoch 2320 finished, takes 33.54381084442139 seconds
Epoch:[2321][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0897 (9.0897)
Epoch:[2321][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4377 (9.2637)
Epoch:[2321][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5456 (9.0243)
Epoch:[2321][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3884 (9.1153)
Epoch:[2321][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1071 (9.1137)
Epoch:[2321][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9556 (9.0873)
Epoch:[2321][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1523 (9.0966)
Epoch:[2321][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4211 (9.1372)
Epoch:[2321][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1748 (9.1414)
Epoch:[2321][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8839 (9.1156)
Epoch:[2321][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0232 (9.1072)
Epoch:[2321][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6411 (9.0684)
Epoch:[2321][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8508 (9.0516)
Epoch:[2321][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8698 (9.0386)
Epoch:[2321][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1874 (9.0486)
Epoch:[2321][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9979 (9.0454)
Epoch:[2321][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3566 (9.0049)
Epoch:[2321][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1029 (9.0103)
epoch 2321 finished, takes 33.60703778266907 seconds
Epoch:[2322][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3558 (9.3558)
Epoch:[2322][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0837 (9.2197)
Epoch:[2322][ 2/18]	Time 1.70 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8065 (9.0820)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5583855272324552  precision:  0.6059175028223962  f1:  0.5022747950450224 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73998856 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.12647411]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742651260571401  precision:  0.7640982393435857  f1:  0.7446172867269063 perclass recall:  [0.96044099 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.68101266 0.7027027
 0.761079   0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.70320599520457  precision:  0.7041010581258789  f1:  0.6897394718421149 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.5117866 ]
Epoch:[2322][ 3/18]	Time 12.41 (4.42)	Data 10.41 (2.60)	Loss 8.9894 (9.0589)
Epoch:[2322][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (3.88)	Data 0.00 (2.08)	Loss 9.2290 (9.0929)
Epoch:[2322][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (3.53)	Data 0.00 (1.74)	Loss 9.2369 (9.1169)
Epoch:[2322][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (3.30)	Data 0.00 (1.49)	Loss 8.7617 (9.0662)
Epoch:[2322][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (3.10)	Data 0.00 (1.30)	Loss 8.7322 (9.0244)
Epoch:[2322][ 8/18]	Time 2.11 (2.99)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 9.1368 (9.0369)
Epoch:[2322][ 9/18]	Time 1.61 (2.85)	Data 0.00 (1.04)	Loss 8.9122 (9.0244)
Epoch:[2322][10/18]	Time 1.74 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 8.8083 (9.0048)
Epoch:[2322][11/18]	Time 1.98 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 8.7426 (8.9829)
Epoch:[2322][12/18]	Time 1.99 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 8.7342 (8.9638)
Epoch:[2322][13/18]	Time 2.15 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.2554 (8.9846)
Epoch:[2322][14/18]	Time 1.94 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.1401 (8.9950)
Epoch:[2322][15/18]	Time 1.82 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.2344 (9.0100)
Epoch:[2322][16/18]	Time 1.82 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 8.8124 (8.9983)
Epoch:[2322][17/18]	Time 2.01 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.0323 (9.0002)
epoch 2322 finished, takes 43.95289421081543 seconds
Epoch:[2323][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8445 (8.8445)
Epoch:[2323][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2521 (9.0483)
Epoch:[2323][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6241 (8.9069)
Epoch:[2323][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5909 (9.0779)
Epoch:[2323][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2194 (9.1062)
Epoch:[2323][ 5/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6135 (9.1908)
Epoch:[2323][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3442 (9.2127)
Epoch:[2323][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2037 (9.2116)
Epoch:[2323][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9468 (9.1821)
Epoch:[2323][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1721 (9.1811)
Epoch:[2323][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9115 (9.1566)
Epoch:[2323][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1206 (9.1536)
Epoch:[2323][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8350 (9.1291)
Epoch:[2323][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2278 (9.1362)
Epoch:[2323][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0926 (9.1333)
Epoch:[2323][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8731 (9.1170)
Epoch:[2323][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6976 (9.0923)
Epoch:[2323][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8198 (9.0772)
epoch 2323 finished, takes 33.54042625427246 seconds
Epoch:[2324][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9874 (8.9874)
Epoch:[2324][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0073 (8.9974)
Epoch:[2324][ 2/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4079 (9.1342)
Epoch:[2324][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4461 (8.9622)
Epoch:[2324][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1596 (9.0017)
Epoch:[2324][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2359 (9.0407)
Epoch:[2324][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0882 (9.0475)
Epoch:[2324][ 7/18]	Time 2.37 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4747 (9.1009)
Epoch:[2324][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3975 (9.1339)
Epoch:[2324][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3244 (9.1529)
Epoch:[2324][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0847 (9.1467)
Epoch:[2324][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6387 (9.1044)
Epoch:[2324][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6350 (9.1452)
Epoch:[2324][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1202 (9.1434)
Epoch:[2324][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6311 (9.1092)
Epoch:[2324][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7683 (9.0879)
Epoch:[2324][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7584 (9.0686)
Epoch:[2324][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9162 (9.0601)
epoch 2324 finished, takes 34.40314722061157 seconds
Epoch:[2325][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9950 (8.9950)
Epoch:[2325][ 1/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6683 (8.8317)
Epoch:[2325][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9585 (8.8739)
Epoch:[2325][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8709 (8.8732)
Epoch:[2325][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7934 (8.8572)
Epoch:[2325][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4014 (8.9479)
Epoch:[2325][ 6/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0213 (8.9584)
Epoch:[2325][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6858 (8.9243)
Epoch:[2325][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2806 (8.9639)
Epoch:[2325][ 9/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9855 (8.9661)
Epoch:[2325][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7408 (8.9456)
Epoch:[2325][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7673 (8.9307)
Epoch:[2325][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1563 (8.9481)
Epoch:[2325][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9648 (8.9493)
Epoch:[2325][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0907 (8.9587)
Epoch:[2325][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3757 (8.9848)
Epoch:[2325][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1194 (8.9927)
Epoch:[2325][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5205 (8.9665)
epoch 2325 finished, takes 33.442328214645386 seconds
Epoch:[2326][ 0/18]	Time 1.55 (1.55)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5218 (9.5218)
Epoch:[2326][ 1/18]	Time 2.05 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1506 (9.3362)
Epoch:[2326][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5537 (9.4087)
Epoch:[2326][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7119 (9.2345)
Epoch:[2326][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3054 (9.2487)
Epoch:[2326][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6964 (9.1566)
Epoch:[2326][ 6/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0950 (9.1478)
Epoch:[2326][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9657 (9.1251)
Epoch:[2326][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0927 (9.1215)
Epoch:[2326][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9125 (9.1006)
Epoch:[2326][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8708 (9.0797)
Epoch:[2326][11/18]	Time 2.35 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0144 (9.0743)
Epoch:[2326][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8923 (9.0603)
Epoch:[2326][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1563 (9.0671)
Epoch:[2326][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1446 (9.0723)
Epoch:[2326][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6641 (9.0468)
Epoch:[2326][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6243 (9.0219)
Epoch:[2326][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8401 (9.0118)
epoch 2326 finished, takes 33.80596113204956 seconds
Epoch:[2327][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8649 (8.8649)
Epoch:[2327][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7141 (8.7895)
Epoch:[2327][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8292 (8.8027)
Epoch:[2327][ 3/18]	Time 2.19 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8976 (8.8264)
Epoch:[2327][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0999 (8.8811)
Epoch:[2327][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8104 (8.8693)
Epoch:[2327][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6792 (8.8422)
Epoch:[2327][ 7/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5766 (8.9340)
Epoch:[2327][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9417 (8.9348)
Epoch:[2327][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5821 (8.8996)
Epoch:[2327][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2740 (8.9336)
Epoch:[2327][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9908 (8.9384)
Epoch:[2327][12/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4508 (8.9778)
Epoch:[2327][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4647 (8.9411)
Epoch:[2327][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6213 (8.9198)
Epoch:[2327][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8344 (8.9145)
Epoch:[2327][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5084 (8.9494)
Epoch:[2327][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7201 (8.9367)
epoch 2327 finished, takes 34.06282901763916 seconds
Epoch:[2328][ 0/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0364 (9.0364)
Epoch:[2328][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3709 (9.2036)
Epoch:[2328][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5119 (9.3064)
Epoch:[2328][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6373 (9.1391)
Epoch:[2328][ 4/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1415 (9.1396)
Epoch:[2328][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4338 (9.1886)
Epoch:[2328][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7327 (9.1235)
Epoch:[2328][ 7/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7446 (9.0761)
Epoch:[2328][ 8/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2402 (9.0944)
Epoch:[2328][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1402 (9.0989)
Epoch:[2328][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7963 (9.0714)
Epoch:[2328][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1709 (9.0797)
Epoch:[2328][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3600 (9.1013)
Epoch:[2328][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8745 (9.0851)
Epoch:[2328][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5844 (9.1184)
Epoch:[2328][15/18]	Time 2.37 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0125 (9.1117)
Epoch:[2328][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4801 (9.0746)
Epoch:[2328][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4201 (9.0382)
epoch 2328 finished, takes 33.70899152755737 seconds
Epoch:[2329][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4725 (8.4725)
Epoch:[2329][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0852 (8.7789)
Epoch:[2329][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0685 (8.8754)
Epoch:[2329][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8680 (8.8736)
Epoch:[2329][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7204 (8.8429)
Epoch:[2329][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0059 (8.8701)
Epoch:[2329][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9290 (8.8785)
Epoch:[2329][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0606 (8.9013)
Epoch:[2329][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8848 (8.8994)
Epoch:[2329][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4608 (8.8556)
Epoch:[2329][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6028 (8.8326)
Epoch:[2329][11/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2861 (8.8704)
Epoch:[2329][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6306 (8.8519)
Epoch:[2329][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3938 (8.8906)
Epoch:[2329][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8286 (8.8865)
Epoch:[2329][15/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1653 (8.9039)
Epoch:[2329][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8174 (8.8988)
Epoch:[2329][17/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3839 (8.9258)
epoch 2329 finished, takes 34.46669411659241 seconds
Epoch:[2330][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9029 (8.9029)
Epoch:[2330][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5649 (8.7339)
Epoch:[2330][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7475 (8.7384)
Epoch:[2330][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0861 (8.8254)
Epoch:[2330][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2387 (8.9080)
Epoch:[2330][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2275 (8.9613)
Epoch:[2330][ 6/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8938 (8.9516)
Epoch:[2330][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8160 (8.9347)
Epoch:[2330][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8954 (8.9303)
Epoch:[2330][ 9/18]	Time 2.22 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9830 (8.9356)
Epoch:[2330][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9152 (8.9337)
Epoch:[2330][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0642 (8.9446)
Epoch:[2330][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7598 (8.9304)
Epoch:[2330][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9164 (8.9294)
Epoch:[2330][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1064 (8.9412)
Epoch:[2330][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4644 (8.9739)
Epoch:[2330][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3934 (8.9986)
Epoch:[2330][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9281 (8.9947)
epoch 2330 finished, takes 34.003493785858154 seconds
Epoch:[2331][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9309 (8.9309)
Epoch:[2331][ 1/18]	Time 2.19 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1940 (9.0625)
Epoch:[2331][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2455 (9.1235)
Epoch:[2331][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2636 (9.1585)
Epoch:[2331][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0907 (9.1449)
Epoch:[2331][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1655 (9.1484)
Epoch:[2331][ 6/18]	Time 2.28 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1167 (9.1439)
Epoch:[2331][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2137 (9.1526)
Epoch:[2331][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8171 (9.1153)
Epoch:[2331][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6885 (9.0726)
Epoch:[2331][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2956 (9.0929)
Epoch:[2331][11/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9896 (9.0843)
Epoch:[2331][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8026 (9.0626)
Epoch:[2331][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9129 (9.0519)
Epoch:[2331][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8279 (9.0370)
Epoch:[2331][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0617 (9.0385)
Epoch:[2331][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9194 (9.0315)
Epoch:[2331][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7816 (9.0177)
epoch 2331 finished, takes 34.386826515197754 seconds
Epoch:[2332][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0772 (9.0772)
Epoch:[2332][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5834 (8.8303)
Epoch:[2332][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2256 (8.9621)
Epoch:[2332][ 3/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3182 (9.0511)
Epoch:[2332][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0308 (9.0471)
Epoch:[2332][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0151 (9.0417)
Epoch:[2332][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7016 (8.9931)
Epoch:[2332][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6132 (9.0706)
Epoch:[2332][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5900 (9.0172)
Epoch:[2332][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8329 (8.9988)
Epoch:[2332][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5088 (9.0452)
Epoch:[2332][11/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5895 (9.0905)
Epoch:[2332][12/18]	Time 1.64 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0510 (9.0875)
Epoch:[2332][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7462 (9.0631)
Epoch:[2332][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8823 (9.0511)
Epoch:[2332][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4602 (9.0766)
Epoch:[2332][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5634 (9.1053)
Epoch:[2332][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7940 (9.0880)
epoch 2332 finished, takes 34.154847621917725 seconds
Epoch:[2333][ 0/18]	Time 2.09 (2.09)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9037 (8.9037)
Epoch:[2333][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3377 (9.1207)
Epoch:[2333][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8626 (9.0347)
Epoch:[2333][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0160 (9.0300)
Epoch:[2333][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8992 (9.0038)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5595172868274398  precision:  0.6084571462675465  f1:  0.5044205255200871 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73984554 0.74803768 0.18845642 0.13194326]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7431746609896059  precision:  0.7646239046916831  f1:  0.7451797052630971 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.761079   0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7029992127397232  precision:  0.703313267732188  f1:  0.6893077565743119 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2333][ 5/18]	Time 12.85 (3.69)	Data 10.81 (1.80)	Loss 9.4550 (9.0790)
Epoch:[2333][ 6/18]	Time 1.57 (3.39)	Data 0.00 (1.55)	Loss 9.4867 (9.1373)
Epoch:[2333][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (3.20)	Data 0.00 (1.35)	Loss 8.9318 (9.1116)
Epoch:[2333][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (3.05)	Data 0.00 (1.20)	Loss 8.7405 (9.0704)
Epoch:[2333][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (2.92)	Data 0.00 (1.08)	Loss 8.9801 (9.0613)
Epoch:[2333][10/18]	Time 2.36 (2.87)	Data 0.00 (0.98)	Loss 8.7795 (9.0357)
Epoch:[2333][11/18]	Time 1.92 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.90)	Loss 9.2893 (9.0568)
Epoch:[2333][12/18]	Time 1.87 (2.72)	Data 0.00 (0.83)	Loss 9.1076 (9.0608)
Epoch:[2333][13/18]	Time 1.65 (2.64)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 8.8374 (9.0448)
Epoch:[2333][14/18]	Time 1.57 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 8.9295 (9.0371)
Epoch:[2333][15/18]	Time 2.05 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 9.5363 (9.0683)
Epoch:[2333][16/18]	Time 1.80 (2.50)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 8.5287 (9.0366)
Epoch:[2333][17/18]	Time 1.92 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 8.8046 (9.0237)
epoch 2333 finished, takes 44.34445524215698 seconds
Epoch:[2334][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5674 (8.5674)
Epoch:[2334][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9404 (8.7539)
Epoch:[2334][ 2/18]	Time 2.07 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1868 (8.8982)
Epoch:[2334][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9794 (8.9185)
Epoch:[2334][ 4/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7499 (8.8848)
Epoch:[2334][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1659 (8.9316)
Epoch:[2334][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0730 (8.9518)
Epoch:[2334][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0818 (8.9681)
Epoch:[2334][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8821 (9.0696)
Epoch:[2334][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6581 (9.0285)
Epoch:[2334][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0659 (9.0319)
Epoch:[2334][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4185 (9.0641)
Epoch:[2334][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0870 (9.0659)
Epoch:[2334][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7456 (9.0430)
Epoch:[2334][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8332 (9.0290)
Epoch:[2334][15/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9681 (9.0252)
Epoch:[2334][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0846 (9.0287)
Epoch:[2334][17/18]	Time 2.15 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3779 (9.0481)
epoch 2334 finished, takes 33.40083599090576 seconds
Epoch:[2335][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1811 (9.1811)
Epoch:[2335][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7241 (8.9526)
Epoch:[2335][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6503 (8.8519)
Epoch:[2335][ 3/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8299 (8.8464)
Epoch:[2335][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0234 (8.8818)
Epoch:[2335][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8815 (8.8817)
Epoch:[2335][ 6/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4202 (8.8158)
Epoch:[2335][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9457 (8.8320)
Epoch:[2335][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8710 (8.8364)
Epoch:[2335][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8067 (8.9334)
Epoch:[2335][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9999 (8.9394)
Epoch:[2335][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1917 (8.9605)
Epoch:[2335][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1290 (8.9734)
Epoch:[2335][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2638 (8.9942)
Epoch:[2335][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0542 (8.9982)
Epoch:[2335][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6930 (8.9791)
Epoch:[2335][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3237 (8.9994)
Epoch:[2335][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6618 (8.9806)
epoch 2335 finished, takes 33.917211294174194 seconds
Epoch:[2336][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1981 (9.1981)
Epoch:[2336][ 1/18]	Time 2.12 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4544 (9.3262)
Epoch:[2336][ 2/18]	Time 2.01 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4725 (9.3750)
Epoch:[2336][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2334 (9.3396)
Epoch:[2336][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7683 (9.2253)
Epoch:[2336][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0609 (9.1979)
Epoch:[2336][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7235 (9.1302)
Epoch:[2336][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9473 (9.1073)
Epoch:[2336][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2279 (9.1207)
Epoch:[2336][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1678 (9.1254)
Epoch:[2336][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9577 (9.1102)
Epoch:[2336][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5672 (9.1483)
Epoch:[2336][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8203 (9.1230)
Epoch:[2336][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8060 (9.1004)
Epoch:[2336][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8229 (9.0819)
Epoch:[2336][15/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7849 (9.0633)
Epoch:[2336][16/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0744 (9.0640)
Epoch:[2336][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4787 (9.0870)
epoch 2336 finished, takes 34.079421281814575 seconds
Epoch:[2337][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0989 (9.0989)
Epoch:[2337][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0914 (9.0951)
Epoch:[2337][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4197 (9.2033)
Epoch:[2337][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6612 (9.0678)
Epoch:[2337][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9199 (9.0382)
Epoch:[2337][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9293 (9.0201)
Epoch:[2337][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5181 (9.0912)
Epoch:[2337][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8250 (9.0579)
Epoch:[2337][ 8/18]	Time 2.16 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3035 (9.0852)
Epoch:[2337][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9691 (9.0736)
Epoch:[2337][10/18]	Time 1.63 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9053 (9.0583)
Epoch:[2337][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6159 (9.0214)
Epoch:[2337][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8069 (9.0049)
Epoch:[2337][13/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8824 (8.9962)
Epoch:[2337][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7261 (8.9782)
Epoch:[2337][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7066 (8.9612)
Epoch:[2337][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8135 (8.9525)
Epoch:[2337][17/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9186 (8.9506)
epoch 2337 finished, takes 34.18283939361572 seconds
Epoch:[2338][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7671 (8.7671)
Epoch:[2338][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2147 (8.9909)
Epoch:[2338][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1636 (9.0484)
Epoch:[2338][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8623 (9.0019)
Epoch:[2338][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5981 (8.9211)
Epoch:[2338][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4604 (9.0110)
Epoch:[2338][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4336 (9.0714)
Epoch:[2338][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4151 (8.9893)
Epoch:[2338][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0626 (8.9975)
Epoch:[2338][ 9/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8520 (8.9829)
Epoch:[2338][10/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0185 (8.9862)
Epoch:[2338][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8713 (9.0599)
Epoch:[2338][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2903 (9.0777)
Epoch:[2338][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2118 (9.0872)
Epoch:[2338][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2379 (9.0973)
Epoch:[2338][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9869 (9.0904)
Epoch:[2338][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1079 (9.0914)
Epoch:[2338][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6705 (9.1236)
epoch 2338 finished, takes 34.104424476623535 seconds
Epoch:[2339][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5566 (8.5566)
Epoch:[2339][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1878 (8.8722)
Epoch:[2339][ 2/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9352 (8.8932)
Epoch:[2339][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1159 (8.9489)
Epoch:[2339][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2127 (9.0017)
Epoch:[2339][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7613 (8.9616)
Epoch:[2339][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9516 (8.9602)
Epoch:[2339][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6215 (8.9178)
Epoch:[2339][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9609 (8.9226)
Epoch:[2339][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0201 (8.9324)
Epoch:[2339][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6655 (8.9081)
Epoch:[2339][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5834 (8.8811)
Epoch:[2339][12/18]	Time 2.20 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3273 (8.9154)
Epoch:[2339][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6135 (8.8938)
Epoch:[2339][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2448 (8.9172)
Epoch:[2339][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7837 (8.9089)
Epoch:[2339][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5986 (8.9494)
Epoch:[2339][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8974 (8.9466)
epoch 2339 finished, takes 34.11454248428345 seconds
Epoch:[2340][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1814 (9.1814)
Epoch:[2340][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3181 (9.2497)
Epoch:[2340][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6625 (9.3873)
Epoch:[2340][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0967 (9.3147)
Epoch:[2340][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2518 (9.3021)
Epoch:[2340][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9491 (9.2433)
Epoch:[2340][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0534 (9.2161)
Epoch:[2340][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8249 (9.1672)
Epoch:[2340][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9481 (9.1429)
Epoch:[2340][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4897 (9.0776)
Epoch:[2340][10/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9522 (9.0662)
Epoch:[2340][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1503 (9.0732)
Epoch:[2340][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0939 (9.0748)
Epoch:[2340][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0341 (9.0719)
Epoch:[2340][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7658 (9.0515)
Epoch:[2340][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0737 (9.0529)
Epoch:[2340][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7460 (9.0348)
Epoch:[2340][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1029 (9.0386)
epoch 2340 finished, takes 33.343156814575195 seconds
Epoch:[2341][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0406 (9.0406)
Epoch:[2341][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1059 (9.0733)
Epoch:[2341][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1290 (9.0918)
Epoch:[2341][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0257 (9.0753)
Epoch:[2341][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8682 (9.0339)
Epoch:[2341][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3029 (9.0787)
Epoch:[2341][ 6/18]	Time 2.20 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9899 (9.0660)
Epoch:[2341][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7240 (9.0233)
Epoch:[2341][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8766 (9.0070)
Epoch:[2341][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6600 (8.9723)
Epoch:[2341][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2160 (8.9944)
Epoch:[2341][11/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1673 (9.0089)
Epoch:[2341][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6826 (8.9838)
Epoch:[2341][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6190 (8.9577)
Epoch:[2341][14/18]	Time 1.61 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4595 (8.9912)
Epoch:[2341][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2939 (8.9476)
Epoch:[2341][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1515 (8.9596)
Epoch:[2341][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1577 (8.9706)
epoch 2341 finished, takes 34.120964765548706 seconds
Epoch:[2342][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0134 (9.0134)
Epoch:[2342][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8791 (8.9463)
Epoch:[2342][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9807 (9.2911)
Epoch:[2342][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0690 (9.2356)
Epoch:[2342][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7939 (9.1472)
Epoch:[2342][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1257 (9.1437)
Epoch:[2342][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6621 (9.0749)
Epoch:[2342][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8464 (9.0463)
Epoch:[2342][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1243 (9.0550)
Epoch:[2342][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9894 (9.0484)
Epoch:[2342][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4367 (9.0837)
Epoch:[2342][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6823 (9.0503)
Epoch:[2342][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9251 (9.0406)
Epoch:[2342][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0653 (9.0424)
Epoch:[2342][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5702 (9.0776)
Epoch:[2342][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9765 (9.0713)
Epoch:[2342][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3312 (9.0866)
Epoch:[2342][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2660 (9.0410)
epoch 2342 finished, takes 34.13239002227783 seconds
Epoch:[2343][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0263 (9.0263)
Epoch:[2343][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0381 (9.0322)
Epoch:[2343][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0538 (9.0394)
Epoch:[2343][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9107 (9.0072)
Epoch:[2343][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9436 (8.9945)
Epoch:[2343][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7328 (8.9509)
Epoch:[2343][ 6/18]	Time 1.55 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3492 (9.0078)
Epoch:[2343][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5720 (8.9533)
Epoch:[2343][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8788 (8.9450)
Epoch:[2343][ 9/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7574 (8.9263)
Epoch:[2343][10/18]	Time 2.16 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7282 (8.9083)
Epoch:[2343][11/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5888 (8.9650)
Epoch:[2343][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4031 (8.9987)
Epoch:[2343][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3985 (9.0272)
Epoch:[2343][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4691 (9.0567)
Epoch:[2343][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2207 (9.0669)
Epoch:[2343][16/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1674 (9.0729)
Epoch:[2343][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2480 (9.0826)
epoch 2343 finished, takes 33.75687265396118 seconds
Epoch:[2344][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0792 (9.0792)
Epoch:[2344][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0669 (9.0730)
Epoch:[2344][ 2/18]	Time 2.27 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9551 (9.0337)
Epoch:[2344][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2732 (9.0936)
Epoch:[2344][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6696 (9.0088)
Epoch:[2344][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3211 (9.0608)
Epoch:[2344][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0960 (9.0659)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5591698868445703  precision:  0.6078571047854808  f1:  0.5039243721025289 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73998856 0.74803768 0.18845642 0.13006324]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742933813205406  precision:  0.7645194040242667  f1:  0.7449915912628521 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7028958215072997  precision:  0.7033225194661624  f1:  0.6891825445120977 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.50992556]
Epoch:[2344][ 7/18]	Time 13.00 (3.33)	Data 11.04 (1.38)	Loss 9.2373 (9.0873)
Epoch:[2344][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (3.18)	Data 0.00 (1.23)	Loss 8.8990 (9.0664)
Epoch:[2344][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (3.05)	Data 0.00 (1.11)	Loss 9.0410 (9.0638)
Epoch:[2344][10/18]	Time 1.89 (2.95)	Data 0.00 (1.00)	Loss 9.4749 (9.1012)
Epoch:[2344][11/18]	Time 1.85 (2.86)	Data 0.00 (0.92)	Loss 9.0816 (9.0996)
Epoch:[2344][12/18]	Time 2.10 (2.80)	Data 0.00 (0.85)	Loss 8.8611 (9.0812)
Epoch:[2344][13/18]	Time 1.80 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 9.3261 (9.0987)
Epoch:[2344][14/18]	Time 1.77 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.0324 (9.0943)
Epoch:[2344][15/18]	Time 1.91 (2.62)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 8.5932 (9.0630)
Epoch:[2344][16/18]	Time 1.95 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.0076 (9.0597)
Epoch:[2344][17/18]	Time 2.09 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.0977 (9.0618)
epoch 2344 finished, takes 45.90845322608948 seconds
Epoch:[2345][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6260 (8.6260)
Epoch:[2345][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2365 (8.9313)
Epoch:[2345][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8818 (8.9148)
Epoch:[2345][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6991 (8.8609)
Epoch:[2345][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6247 (8.8136)
Epoch:[2345][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5341 (8.9337)
Epoch:[2345][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0006 (8.9433)
Epoch:[2345][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0594 (8.9578)
Epoch:[2345][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9784 (8.9601)
Epoch:[2345][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1971 (8.9838)
Epoch:[2345][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0429 (8.9892)
Epoch:[2345][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1774 (9.0049)
Epoch:[2345][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1456 (9.0157)
Epoch:[2345][13/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7760 (8.9986)
Epoch:[2345][14/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4466 (8.9618)
Epoch:[2345][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5513 (8.9361)
Epoch:[2345][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8195 (8.9292)
Epoch:[2345][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5708 (8.9093)
epoch 2345 finished, takes 33.137638330459595 seconds
Epoch:[2346][ 0/18]	Time 1.69 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3240 (9.3240)
Epoch:[2346][ 1/18]	Time 2.26 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8924 (9.1082)
Epoch:[2346][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8007 (9.0057)
Epoch:[2346][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7729 (8.9475)
Epoch:[2346][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0441 (8.9668)
Epoch:[2346][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4655 (9.0499)
Epoch:[2346][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2441 (9.0777)
Epoch:[2346][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6839 (9.1535)
Epoch:[2346][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8535 (9.1201)
Epoch:[2346][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.0561 (9.0137)
Epoch:[2346][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4429 (9.0527)
Epoch:[2346][11/18]	Time 2.19 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1139 (9.0578)
Epoch:[2346][12/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5104 (9.0926)
Epoch:[2346][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9184 (9.0802)
Epoch:[2346][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7879 (9.0607)
Epoch:[2346][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5584 (9.0293)
Epoch:[2346][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7479 (9.0128)
Epoch:[2346][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5336 (8.9861)
epoch 2346 finished, takes 33.89262557029724 seconds
Epoch:[2347][ 0/18]	Time 1.56 (1.56)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9166 (8.9166)
Epoch:[2347][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1395 (9.0280)
Epoch:[2347][ 2/18]	Time 1.96 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4091 (9.1551)
Epoch:[2347][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8451 (9.0776)
Epoch:[2347][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6445 (8.9910)
Epoch:[2347][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0490 (9.0006)
Epoch:[2347][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1420 (9.0208)
Epoch:[2347][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8082 (8.9943)
Epoch:[2347][ 8/18]	Time 2.18 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7801 (8.9705)
Epoch:[2347][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8932 (8.9627)
Epoch:[2347][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2330 (8.9873)
Epoch:[2347][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5399 (8.9500)
Epoch:[2347][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9264 (8.9482)
Epoch:[2347][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9702 (8.9498)
Epoch:[2347][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5115 (8.9872)
Epoch:[2347][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7551 (8.9727)
Epoch:[2347][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8102 (8.9631)
Epoch:[2347][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1414 (8.9731)
epoch 2347 finished, takes 33.06626224517822 seconds
Epoch:[2348][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2803 (9.2803)
Epoch:[2348][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8001 (9.0402)
Epoch:[2348][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0812 (9.0539)
Epoch:[2348][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8469 (9.0022)
Epoch:[2348][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5005 (8.9018)
Epoch:[2348][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7139 (8.8705)
Epoch:[2348][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1928 (8.9165)
Epoch:[2348][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7189 (8.8918)
Epoch:[2348][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0443 (8.9088)
Epoch:[2348][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0454 (8.9224)
Epoch:[2348][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3397 (8.9604)
Epoch:[2348][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6879 (9.0210)
Epoch:[2348][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9985 (9.0193)
Epoch:[2348][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5431 (8.9853)
Epoch:[2348][14/18]	Time 1.61 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9267 (8.9814)
Epoch:[2348][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2732 (8.9996)
Epoch:[2348][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2785 (9.0160)
Epoch:[2348][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0953 (9.0204)
epoch 2348 finished, takes 34.013789653778076 seconds
Epoch:[2349][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7097 (8.7097)
Epoch:[2349][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0610 (8.8853)
Epoch:[2349][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5432 (8.7713)
Epoch:[2349][ 3/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6337 (8.7369)
Epoch:[2349][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8657 (8.7627)
Epoch:[2349][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0658 (8.8132)
Epoch:[2349][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4493 (8.9040)
Epoch:[2349][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0176 (8.9182)
Epoch:[2349][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0578 (8.9337)
Epoch:[2349][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7089 (8.9113)
Epoch:[2349][10/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4540 (8.8697)
Epoch:[2349][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1811 (8.8956)
Epoch:[2349][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5081 (8.8658)
Epoch:[2349][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2715 (8.8948)
Epoch:[2349][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6420 (8.9446)
Epoch:[2349][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5586 (8.9205)
Epoch:[2349][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8625 (8.9171)
Epoch:[2349][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1323 (8.9290)
epoch 2349 finished, takes 33.140881061553955 seconds
Epoch:[2350][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.1863 (8.1863)
Epoch:[2350][ 1/18]	Time 2.09 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0972 (8.6418)
Epoch:[2350][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9438 (8.7424)
Epoch:[2350][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8366 (8.7660)
Epoch:[2350][ 4/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6278 (8.7383)
Epoch:[2350][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8959 (8.7646)
Epoch:[2350][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1867 (8.8249)
Epoch:[2350][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8847 (8.8324)
Epoch:[2350][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0923 (8.8613)
Epoch:[2350][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9113 (8.8663)
Epoch:[2350][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2688 (8.9029)
Epoch:[2350][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9331 (8.9054)
Epoch:[2350][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4806 (8.9496)
Epoch:[2350][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1957 (8.9672)
Epoch:[2350][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2103 (8.9834)
Epoch:[2350][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2222 (8.9983)
Epoch:[2350][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8395 (8.9890)
Epoch:[2350][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0218 (8.9908)
epoch 2350 finished, takes 33.88046193122864 seconds
Epoch:[2351][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4980 (8.4980)
Epoch:[2351][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1568 (8.8274)
Epoch:[2351][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1683 (8.9410)
Epoch:[2351][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8759 (8.9247)
Epoch:[2351][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8124 (8.9023)
Epoch:[2351][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2447 (8.9594)
Epoch:[2351][ 6/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9461 (8.9575)
Epoch:[2351][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8650 (8.9459)
Epoch:[2351][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6066 (8.9082)
Epoch:[2351][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4572 (8.9631)
Epoch:[2351][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3050 (8.9942)
Epoch:[2351][11/18]	Time 2.17 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8137 (8.9791)
Epoch:[2351][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0250 (8.9827)
Epoch:[2351][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1150 (8.9921)
Epoch:[2351][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9409 (8.9887)
Epoch:[2351][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8787 (8.9818)
Epoch:[2351][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3324 (9.0025)
Epoch:[2351][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8197 (8.9923)
epoch 2351 finished, takes 33.86293363571167 seconds
Epoch:[2352][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2159 (9.2159)
Epoch:[2352][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9154 (9.0657)
Epoch:[2352][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9384 (9.0233)
Epoch:[2352][ 3/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0657 (9.0339)
Epoch:[2352][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9250 (9.0121)
Epoch:[2352][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2473 (9.0513)
Epoch:[2352][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8206 (9.0183)
Epoch:[2352][ 7/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0556 (9.0230)
Epoch:[2352][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1913 (9.0417)
Epoch:[2352][ 9/18]	Time 1.59 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4143 (9.0790)
Epoch:[2352][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2172 (9.0915)
Epoch:[2352][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7807 (9.0656)
Epoch:[2352][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9195 (9.0544)
Epoch:[2352][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9045 (9.0437)
Epoch:[2352][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2814 (9.0595)
Epoch:[2352][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7563 (9.0406)
Epoch:[2352][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2028 (9.0501)
Epoch:[2352][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0750 (9.0515)
epoch 2352 finished, takes 33.5961127281189 seconds
Epoch:[2353][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0041 (9.0041)
Epoch:[2353][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2007 (9.1024)
Epoch:[2353][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6782 (8.9610)
Epoch:[2353][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9488 (8.9580)
Epoch:[2353][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2456 (9.0155)
Epoch:[2353][ 5/18]	Time 2.26 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6175 (8.9492)
Epoch:[2353][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4167 (9.0159)
Epoch:[2353][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8044 (8.9895)
Epoch:[2353][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0495 (8.9962)
Epoch:[2353][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6052 (8.9571)
Epoch:[2353][10/18]	Time 2.14 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0077 (8.9617)
Epoch:[2353][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9288 (8.9589)
Epoch:[2353][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0776 (8.9681)
Epoch:[2353][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3407 (8.9947)
Epoch:[2353][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2064 (9.0088)
Epoch:[2353][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9314 (9.0040)
Epoch:[2353][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3015 (9.0215)
Epoch:[2353][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9086 (9.0152)
epoch 2353 finished, takes 34.05743932723999 seconds
Epoch:[2354][ 0/18]	Time 2.15 (2.15)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5550 (8.5550)
Epoch:[2354][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7036 (8.6293)
Epoch:[2354][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9575 (8.7387)
Epoch:[2354][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6699 (8.7215)
Epoch:[2354][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2352 (8.8242)
Epoch:[2354][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3221 (8.9072)
Epoch:[2354][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7384 (8.8831)
Epoch:[2354][ 7/18]	Time 2.06 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8887 (8.8838)
Epoch:[2354][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9251 (8.8884)
Epoch:[2354][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9927 (8.8988)
Epoch:[2354][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4492 (8.8579)
Epoch:[2354][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1157 (8.8794)
Epoch:[2354][12/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9713 (8.8865)
Epoch:[2354][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7338 (8.9470)
Epoch:[2354][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4893 (8.9832)
Epoch:[2354][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8147 (8.9726)
Epoch:[2354][16/18]	Time 1.60 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8361 (8.9646)
Epoch:[2354][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7750 (8.9541)
epoch 2354 finished, takes 33.774718284606934 seconds
Epoch:[2355][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0435 (9.0435)
Epoch:[2355][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1930 (9.1182)
Epoch:[2355][ 2/18]	Time 1.61 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2365 (9.1577)
Epoch:[2355][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9508 (9.1059)
Epoch:[2355][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5086 (8.9865)
Epoch:[2355][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3737 (9.0510)
Epoch:[2355][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0178 (9.0463)
Epoch:[2355][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7985 (9.0153)
Epoch:[2355][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6865 (8.9788)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.558761531334318  precision:  0.6070815991501951  f1:  0.5032788819589284 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73998856 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.12835413]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7430094211174079  precision:  0.7647059016330781  f1:  0.7450876915116791 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.68607595 0.7027027
 0.75722543 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7031026039721465  precision:  0.7033232081158388  f1:  0.6894282962710717 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4351145  0.9030303  0.51116625]
Epoch:[2355][ 9/18]	Time 12.47 (2.86)	Data 10.44 (1.04)	Loss 9.1606 (8.9969)
Epoch:[2355][10/18]	Time 1.64 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 9.4197 (9.0354)
Epoch:[2355][11/18]	Time 1.77 (2.67)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 8.7091 (9.0082)
Epoch:[2355][12/18]	Time 1.88 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 9.2181 (9.0243)
Epoch:[2355][13/18]	Time 1.84 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 8.5257 (8.9887)
Epoch:[2355][14/18]	Time 1.99 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.1833 (9.0017)
Epoch:[2355][15/18]	Time 1.84 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 8.6591 (8.9803)
Epoch:[2355][16/18]	Time 1.84 (2.43)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 9.1677 (8.9913)
Epoch:[2355][17/18]	Time 1.73 (2.40)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 8.5239 (8.9653)
epoch 2355 finished, takes 43.13179278373718 seconds
Epoch:[2356][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5347 (9.5347)
Epoch:[2356][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3195 (9.4271)
Epoch:[2356][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9280 (9.2607)
Epoch:[2356][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0271 (9.2023)
Epoch:[2356][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9777 (9.1574)
Epoch:[2356][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2781 (9.1775)
Epoch:[2356][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2742 (9.1913)
Epoch:[2356][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3021 (9.2052)
Epoch:[2356][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0101 (9.1835)
Epoch:[2356][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0410 (9.1693)
Epoch:[2356][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8066 (9.1363)
Epoch:[2356][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5728 (9.0893)
Epoch:[2356][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7517 (9.0634)
Epoch:[2356][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7718 (9.0425)
Epoch:[2356][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8759 (9.0314)
Epoch:[2356][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7739 (9.0153)
Epoch:[2356][16/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7775 (9.0013)
Epoch:[2356][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2208 (9.0135)
epoch 2356 finished, takes 33.90623760223389 seconds
Epoch:[2357][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4928 (9.4928)
Epoch:[2357][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1417 (9.3173)
Epoch:[2357][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6848 (9.1064)
Epoch:[2357][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5744 (8.9734)
Epoch:[2357][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2100 (9.0207)
Epoch:[2357][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9964 (9.0167)
Epoch:[2357][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1168 (9.0310)
Epoch:[2357][ 7/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7836 (9.0000)
Epoch:[2357][ 8/18]	Time 2.32 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8939 (8.9883)
Epoch:[2357][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2138 (9.0108)
Epoch:[2357][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2327 (9.0310)
Epoch:[2357][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0961 (9.0364)
Epoch:[2357][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0270 (9.0357)
Epoch:[2357][13/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6984 (9.0116)
Epoch:[2357][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0809 (9.0162)
Epoch:[2357][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7354 (8.9987)
Epoch:[2357][16/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8527 (8.9901)
Epoch:[2357][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8749 (8.9837)
epoch 2357 finished, takes 34.3338360786438 seconds
Epoch:[2358][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9051 (8.9051)
Epoch:[2358][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8934 (8.8993)
Epoch:[2358][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5798 (8.7928)
Epoch:[2358][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2650 (8.9108)
Epoch:[2358][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5198 (9.0326)
Epoch:[2358][ 5/18]	Time 2.15 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3066 (9.0783)
Epoch:[2358][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5194 (8.9984)
Epoch:[2358][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0279 (9.0021)
Epoch:[2358][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0223 (9.0044)
Epoch:[2358][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1411 (9.0180)
Epoch:[2358][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0828 (9.0239)
Epoch:[2358][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2250 (9.0407)
Epoch:[2358][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2367 (9.0558)
Epoch:[2358][13/18]	Time 1.52 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8690 (9.0424)
Epoch:[2358][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7171 (9.0207)
Epoch:[2358][15/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2392 (9.0344)
Epoch:[2358][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9079 (9.0269)
Epoch:[2358][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1086 (9.0315)
epoch 2358 finished, takes 34.29021191596985 seconds
Epoch:[2359][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0871 (9.0871)
Epoch:[2359][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8966 (8.9918)
Epoch:[2359][ 2/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9314 (8.9717)
Epoch:[2359][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6975 (8.9031)
Epoch:[2359][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5699 (9.0365)
Epoch:[2359][ 5/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1511 (9.0556)
Epoch:[2359][ 6/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0821 (9.0594)
Epoch:[2359][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3367 (9.0940)
Epoch:[2359][ 8/18]	Time 2.03 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6997 (9.0502)
Epoch:[2359][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9984 (9.0450)
Epoch:[2359][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5769 (9.0025)
Epoch:[2359][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2274 (9.0212)
Epoch:[2359][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4012 (9.0504)
Epoch:[2359][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7246 (9.0272)
Epoch:[2359][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9534 (9.0223)
Epoch:[2359][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5646 (8.9936)
Epoch:[2359][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4825 (8.9636)
Epoch:[2359][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5576 (8.9410)
epoch 2359 finished, takes 34.079782485961914 seconds
Epoch:[2360][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6005 (9.6005)
Epoch:[2360][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8416 (9.2211)
Epoch:[2360][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2740 (9.2387)
Epoch:[2360][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2219 (9.2345)
Epoch:[2360][ 4/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4787 (9.2834)
Epoch:[2360][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8851 (9.2170)
Epoch:[2360][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9436 (9.1779)
Epoch:[2360][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0975 (9.1679)
Epoch:[2360][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1567 (9.1666)
Epoch:[2360][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9094 (9.1409)
Epoch:[2360][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9762 (9.1259)
Epoch:[2360][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6879 (9.1728)
Epoch:[2360][12/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7099 (9.1372)
Epoch:[2360][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1339 (9.1369)
Epoch:[2360][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6672 (9.1056)
Epoch:[2360][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9349 (9.0949)
Epoch:[2360][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7969 (9.0774)
Epoch:[2360][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6431 (9.0533)
epoch 2360 finished, takes 34.046441078186035 seconds
Epoch:[2361][ 0/18]	Time 2.10 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1330 (9.1330)
Epoch:[2361][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7940 (8.9635)
Epoch:[2361][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1911 (9.0394)
Epoch:[2361][ 3/18]	Time 1.95 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8361 (8.9885)
Epoch:[2361][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0072 (8.9923)
Epoch:[2361][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1537 (9.0192)
Epoch:[2361][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9261 (9.0059)
Epoch:[2361][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9886 (9.0037)
Epoch:[2361][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7622 (8.9769)
Epoch:[2361][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0420 (8.9834)
Epoch:[2361][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0899 (8.9931)
Epoch:[2361][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2699 (9.0161)
Epoch:[2361][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6574 (8.9885)
Epoch:[2361][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9647 (8.9868)
Epoch:[2361][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7442 (8.9707)
Epoch:[2361][15/18]	Time 1.62 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7555 (8.9572)
Epoch:[2361][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8894 (9.0120)
Epoch:[2361][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9098 (9.0064)
epoch 2361 finished, takes 33.90566802024841 seconds
Epoch:[2362][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4796 (9.4796)
Epoch:[2362][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7110 (9.0953)
Epoch:[2362][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0477 (9.0794)
Epoch:[2362][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1708 (9.1023)
Epoch:[2362][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7098 (9.0238)
Epoch:[2362][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1731 (9.0486)
Epoch:[2362][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9639 (9.1794)
Epoch:[2362][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1204 (9.1720)
Epoch:[2362][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5013 (9.0975)
Epoch:[2362][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7238 (9.0601)
Epoch:[2362][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1074 (9.0644)
Epoch:[2362][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1409 (9.0708)
Epoch:[2362][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7468 (9.0459)
Epoch:[2362][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1840 (9.0557)
Epoch:[2362][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7152 (9.0330)
Epoch:[2362][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2414 (9.0461)
Epoch:[2362][16/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1761 (9.0537)
Epoch:[2362][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8605 (9.0430)
epoch 2362 finished, takes 33.10269904136658 seconds
Epoch:[2363][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9297 (8.9297)
Epoch:[2363][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4407 (9.1852)
Epoch:[2363][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6465 (9.0056)
Epoch:[2363][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7674 (8.9461)
Epoch:[2363][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1441 (8.9857)
Epoch:[2363][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7312 (8.9433)
Epoch:[2363][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4198 (8.8685)
Epoch:[2363][ 7/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1780 (8.9072)
Epoch:[2363][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7694 (8.8918)
Epoch:[2363][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7915 (8.8818)
Epoch:[2363][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2136 (8.9120)
Epoch:[2363][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1409 (8.9311)
Epoch:[2363][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9872 (8.9354)
Epoch:[2363][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5645 (8.9089)
Epoch:[2363][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2572 (8.9321)
Epoch:[2363][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1979 (8.9487)
Epoch:[2363][16/18]	Time 1.61 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7999 (8.9400)
Epoch:[2363][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9930 (8.9429)
epoch 2363 finished, takes 32.71098875999451 seconds
Epoch:[2364][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1301 (9.1301)
Epoch:[2364][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6923 (8.9112)
Epoch:[2364][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7583 (8.8602)
Epoch:[2364][ 3/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4714 (8.7630)
Epoch:[2364][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4391 (8.8982)
Epoch:[2364][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3421 (8.9722)
Epoch:[2364][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7611 (8.9420)
Epoch:[2364][ 7/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9769 (8.9464)
Epoch:[2364][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7169 (8.9209)
Epoch:[2364][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0617 (8.9350)
Epoch:[2364][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0692 (8.9472)
Epoch:[2364][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3534 (8.9810)
Epoch:[2364][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7658 (8.9645)
Epoch:[2364][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0381 (8.9697)
Epoch:[2364][14/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8674 (8.9629)
Epoch:[2364][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7922 (8.9522)
Epoch:[2364][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2559 (8.9701)
Epoch:[2364][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0110 (8.9724)
epoch 2364 finished, takes 33.95739436149597 seconds
Epoch:[2365][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1985 (9.1985)
Epoch:[2365][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2373 (9.2179)
Epoch:[2365][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7116 (9.0491)
Epoch:[2365][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1525 (9.0750)
Epoch:[2365][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8469 (9.0294)
Epoch:[2365][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3629 (9.0850)
Epoch:[2365][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3316 (9.1202)
Epoch:[2365][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9631 (9.1006)
Epoch:[2365][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6041 (9.0454)
Epoch:[2365][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.1806 (8.9589)
Epoch:[2365][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3855 (8.9977)
Epoch:[2365][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1082 (9.0069)
Epoch:[2365][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3887 (9.0363)
Epoch:[2365][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5642 (9.0025)
Epoch:[2365][14/18]	Time 2.32 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0431 (9.0053)
Epoch:[2365][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9862 (9.0041)
Epoch:[2365][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1777 (9.0143)
Epoch:[2365][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0159 (9.0144)
epoch 2365 finished, takes 34.09982872009277 seconds
Epoch:[2366][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7814 (8.7814)
Epoch:[2366][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4816 (8.6315)
Epoch:[2366][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6994 (8.6541)
Epoch:[2366][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8051 (8.6919)
Epoch:[2366][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9832 (8.7502)
Epoch:[2366][ 5/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2050 (8.8260)
Epoch:[2366][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7996 (8.8222)
Epoch:[2366][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4768 (8.9040)
Epoch:[2366][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9231 (8.9061)
Epoch:[2366][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8944 (8.9050)
Epoch:[2366][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0578 (8.9189)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.558761531334318  precision:  0.6070815991501951  f1:  0.5032788819589284 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73998856 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.12835413]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7430094211174079  precision:  0.7647059016330781  f1:  0.7450876915116791 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.68607595 0.7027027
 0.75722543 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7032138876650599  precision:  0.7030770999928843  f1:  0.6893976361088668 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.50992556]
Epoch:[2366][11/18]	Time 12.59 (2.82)	Data 10.64 (0.89)	Loss 9.1625 (8.9392)
Epoch:[2366][12/18]	Time 1.72 (2.73)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 9.1900 (8.9585)
Epoch:[2366][13/18]	Time 1.77 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.76)	Loss 8.6618 (8.9373)
Epoch:[2366][14/18]	Time 1.71 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 9.1378 (8.9506)
Epoch:[2366][15/18]	Time 1.80 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 9.0996 (8.9600)
Epoch:[2366][16/18]	Time 2.05 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 9.1144 (8.9690)
Epoch:[2366][17/18]	Time 2.00 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.59)	Loss 8.9469 (8.9678)
epoch 2366 finished, takes 44.8587327003479 seconds
Epoch:[2367][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7043 (8.7043)
Epoch:[2367][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3200 (8.5122)
Epoch:[2367][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9634 (8.6626)
Epoch:[2367][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4454 (8.8583)
Epoch:[2367][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3137 (8.9494)
Epoch:[2367][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4817 (9.0381)
Epoch:[2367][ 6/18]	Time 1.65 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0545 (9.0404)
Epoch:[2367][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5074 (8.9738)
Epoch:[2367][ 8/18]	Time 2.08 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2892 (9.0088)
Epoch:[2367][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2173 (9.0297)
Epoch:[2367][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7524 (9.0045)
Epoch:[2367][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7926 (8.9868)
Epoch:[2367][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9851 (8.9867)
Epoch:[2367][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9230 (8.9822)
Epoch:[2367][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5522 (9.0202)
Epoch:[2367][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5800 (8.9926)
Epoch:[2367][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6451 (8.9722)
Epoch:[2367][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0549 (8.9768)
epoch 2367 finished, takes 33.96565270423889 seconds
Epoch:[2368][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7609 (8.7609)
Epoch:[2368][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4344 (8.5976)
Epoch:[2368][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1911 (8.7955)
Epoch:[2368][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3143 (8.9252)
Epoch:[2368][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2266 (8.9855)
Epoch:[2368][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0738 (9.0002)
Epoch:[2368][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9189 (8.9886)
Epoch:[2368][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7306 (8.9563)
Epoch:[2368][ 8/18]	Time 1.65 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1154 (8.9740)
Epoch:[2368][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8800 (8.9646)
Epoch:[2368][10/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5975 (9.0221)
Epoch:[2368][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5816 (8.9854)
Epoch:[2368][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7510 (8.9674)
Epoch:[2368][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9798 (8.9683)
Epoch:[2368][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8978 (8.9636)
Epoch:[2368][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0806 (8.9709)
Epoch:[2368][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7340 (8.9570)
Epoch:[2368][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0307 (8.9611)
epoch 2368 finished, takes 33.25065612792969 seconds
Epoch:[2369][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3162 (9.3162)
Epoch:[2369][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9111 (9.1136)
Epoch:[2369][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1547 (9.1273)
Epoch:[2369][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6510 (9.0082)
Epoch:[2369][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0690 (9.0204)
Epoch:[2369][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3574 (9.0766)
Epoch:[2369][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9473 (9.0581)
Epoch:[2369][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8860 (9.0366)
Epoch:[2369][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9151 (9.0231)
Epoch:[2369][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8101 (9.0018)
Epoch:[2369][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0208 (9.0035)
Epoch:[2369][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7037 (8.9785)
Epoch:[2369][12/18]	Time 2.24 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2362 (8.9984)
Epoch:[2369][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9091 (8.9920)
Epoch:[2369][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9876 (8.9917)
Epoch:[2369][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9665 (8.9901)
Epoch:[2369][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3689 (9.0124)
Epoch:[2369][17/18]	Time 2.24 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7589 (8.9983)
epoch 2369 finished, takes 34.848827600479126 seconds
Epoch:[2370][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0119 (9.0119)
Epoch:[2370][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0323 (9.0221)
Epoch:[2370][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0372 (9.0271)
Epoch:[2370][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7656 (8.9617)
Epoch:[2370][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5089 (8.8712)
Epoch:[2370][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3551 (8.9518)
Epoch:[2370][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9411 (8.9503)
Epoch:[2370][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0856 (8.9672)
Epoch:[2370][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0631 (8.9779)
Epoch:[2370][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2430 (9.0044)
Epoch:[2370][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8640 (8.9916)
Epoch:[2370][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2241 (9.0110)
Epoch:[2370][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2202 (9.0271)
Epoch:[2370][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7272 (9.0057)
Epoch:[2370][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7284 (8.9872)
Epoch:[2370][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0163 (8.9890)
Epoch:[2370][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6026 (8.9663)
Epoch:[2370][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7766 (8.9557)
epoch 2370 finished, takes 33.64331555366516 seconds
Epoch:[2371][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3642 (9.3642)
Epoch:[2371][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8520 (9.1081)
Epoch:[2371][ 2/18]	Time 1.55 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5832 (9.2665)
Epoch:[2371][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0119 (9.2028)
Epoch:[2371][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1539 (9.1930)
Epoch:[2371][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6124 (9.0963)
Epoch:[2371][ 6/18]	Time 2.24 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9045 (9.0689)
Epoch:[2371][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0760 (9.0698)
Epoch:[2371][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1443 (9.0780)
Epoch:[2371][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9604 (9.0663)
Epoch:[2371][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6642 (9.0297)
Epoch:[2371][11/18]	Time 2.21 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3545 (9.0568)
Epoch:[2371][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1046 (9.0605)
Epoch:[2371][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3296 (9.0797)
Epoch:[2371][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6464 (9.1175)
Epoch:[2371][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9531 (9.1072)
Epoch:[2371][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9607 (9.0986)
Epoch:[2371][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7532 (9.0794)
epoch 2371 finished, takes 32.93589210510254 seconds
Epoch:[2372][ 0/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7633 (8.7633)
Epoch:[2372][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6233 (8.6933)
Epoch:[2372][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9357 (8.7741)
Epoch:[2372][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2139 (8.8840)
Epoch:[2372][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1926 (8.9458)
Epoch:[2372][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8324 (8.9269)
Epoch:[2372][ 6/18]	Time 1.61 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1117 (8.9533)
Epoch:[2372][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8390 (8.9390)
Epoch:[2372][ 8/18]	Time 2.10 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9608 (8.9414)
Epoch:[2372][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9892 (8.9462)
Epoch:[2372][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3908 (8.8957)
Epoch:[2372][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8132 (8.8888)
Epoch:[2372][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4531 (8.9322)
Epoch:[2372][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8612 (8.9272)
Epoch:[2372][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6086 (8.9059)
Epoch:[2372][15/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5469 (8.8835)
Epoch:[2372][16/18]	Time 1.73 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9965 (8.8901)
Epoch:[2372][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0235 (8.8975)
epoch 2372 finished, takes 33.3640558719635 seconds
Epoch:[2373][ 0/18]	Time 2.12 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9334 (8.9334)
Epoch:[2373][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4174 (9.1754)
Epoch:[2373][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4606 (8.9372)
Epoch:[2373][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5864 (9.0995)
Epoch:[2373][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8615 (9.0519)
Epoch:[2373][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7586 (9.0030)
Epoch:[2373][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9037 (8.9888)
Epoch:[2373][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6492 (8.9463)
Epoch:[2373][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7872 (8.9287)
Epoch:[2373][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8097 (8.9168)
Epoch:[2373][10/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7205 (8.8989)
Epoch:[2373][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1967 (8.9237)
Epoch:[2373][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9486 (8.9256)
Epoch:[2373][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8955 (8.9235)
Epoch:[2373][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9291 (8.9239)
Epoch:[2373][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0689 (8.9329)
Epoch:[2373][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6314 (8.9152)
Epoch:[2373][17/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9930 (8.9195)
epoch 2373 finished, takes 33.47202920913696 seconds
Epoch:[2374][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0240 (9.0240)
Epoch:[2374][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5958 (8.8099)
Epoch:[2374][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7983 (8.8060)
Epoch:[2374][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1488 (8.8917)
Epoch:[2374][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0728 (8.9280)
Epoch:[2374][ 5/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1871 (8.9712)
Epoch:[2374][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9237 (8.9644)
Epoch:[2374][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3699 (9.0151)
Epoch:[2374][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8972 (9.0020)
Epoch:[2374][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5829 (8.9601)
Epoch:[2374][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6427 (8.9312)
Epoch:[2374][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2614 (8.9587)
Epoch:[2374][12/18]	Time 2.25 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1215 (8.9713)
Epoch:[2374][13/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0527 (8.9771)
Epoch:[2374][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5014 (8.9454)
Epoch:[2374][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0483 (8.9518)
Epoch:[2374][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7960 (8.9426)
Epoch:[2374][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3163 (8.9634)
epoch 2374 finished, takes 34.27116584777832 seconds
Epoch:[2375][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8943 (8.8943)
Epoch:[2375][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8804 (8.8873)
Epoch:[2375][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7541 (8.8429)
Epoch:[2375][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2831 (8.9529)
Epoch:[2375][ 4/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9359 (8.9495)
Epoch:[2375][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7755 (8.9205)
Epoch:[2375][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7799 (8.9004)
Epoch:[2375][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2024 (8.9382)
Epoch:[2375][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2881 (8.9771)
Epoch:[2375][ 9/18]	Time 2.20 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9360 (8.9730)
Epoch:[2375][10/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8626 (8.9629)
Epoch:[2375][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5700 (8.9302)
Epoch:[2375][12/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3335 (8.9612)
Epoch:[2375][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7605 (8.9469)
Epoch:[2375][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3778 (8.9756)
Epoch:[2375][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6791 (8.9571)
Epoch:[2375][16/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0677 (8.9636)
Epoch:[2375][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1150 (8.9720)
epoch 2375 finished, takes 33.66280245780945 seconds
Epoch:[2376][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8879 (8.8879)
Epoch:[2376][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7883 (8.8381)
Epoch:[2376][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1155 (8.9306)
Epoch:[2376][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2200 (9.0030)
Epoch:[2376][ 4/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2429 (9.0509)
Epoch:[2376][ 5/18]	Time 1.59 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6077 (8.9771)
Epoch:[2376][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9960 (8.9798)
Epoch:[2376][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5505 (8.9261)
Epoch:[2376][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0191 (8.9364)
Epoch:[2376][ 9/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4263 (8.8854)
Epoch:[2376][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6688 (8.8657)
Epoch:[2376][11/18]	Time 1.73 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3107 (8.9028)
Epoch:[2376][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7815 (8.8935)
Epoch:[2376][13/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8195 (8.8882)
Epoch:[2376][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0610 (8.8997)
Epoch:[2376][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7957 (8.8932)
Epoch:[2376][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3096 (8.9177)
Epoch:[2376][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9447 (8.9192)
epoch 2376 finished, takes 32.84940314292908 seconds
Epoch:[2377][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0613 (9.0613)
Epoch:[2377][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1334 (9.0973)
Epoch:[2377][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7999 (8.9982)
Epoch:[2377][ 3/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6996 (8.9235)
Epoch:[2377][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9118 (8.9212)
Epoch:[2377][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2731 (8.9798)
Epoch:[2377][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9693 (8.9783)
Epoch:[2377][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1349 (8.9979)
Epoch:[2377][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1068 (9.0100)
Epoch:[2377][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1447 (9.0235)
Epoch:[2377][10/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1436 (9.0344)
Epoch:[2377][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8543 (9.0194)
Epoch:[2377][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0003 (9.0179)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5590691710540241  precision:  0.6078053174151585  f1:  0.5037735157571952 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.73998856 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.12989233]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7432502689016078  precision:  0.764827923408905  f1:  0.7453036556902668 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.68607595 0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7032138876650599  precision:  0.7030770999928843  f1:  0.6893976361088668 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.50992556]
Epoch:[2377][13/18]	Time 12.61 (2.66)	Data 10.47 (0.75)	Loss 9.0848 (9.0227)
Epoch:[2377][14/18]	Time 1.82 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 8.5064 (8.9883)
Epoch:[2377][15/18]	Time 1.75 (2.55)	Data 0.00 (0.66)	Loss 8.7893 (8.9758)
Epoch:[2377][16/18]	Time 1.79 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 8.9914 (8.9768)
Epoch:[2377][17/18]	Time 1.80 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 8.9209 (8.9737)
epoch 2377 finished, takes 44.46728563308716 seconds
Epoch:[2378][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0967 (9.0967)
Epoch:[2378][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7490 (8.9229)
Epoch:[2378][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1686 (9.0048)
Epoch:[2378][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0793 (9.0234)
Epoch:[2378][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9818 (9.0151)
Epoch:[2378][ 5/18]	Time 1.87 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6360 (8.9519)
Epoch:[2378][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6781 (8.9128)
Epoch:[2378][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7514 (8.8926)
Epoch:[2378][ 8/18]	Time 1.65 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6269 (8.9742)
Epoch:[2378][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6071 (8.9375)
Epoch:[2378][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6993 (8.9158)
Epoch:[2378][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2897 (8.9470)
Epoch:[2378][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8369 (8.9385)
Epoch:[2378][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5466 (8.9820)
Epoch:[2378][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0773 (8.9883)
Epoch:[2378][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2007 (9.0016)
Epoch:[2378][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2530 (9.0164)
Epoch:[2378][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8728 (9.0084)
epoch 2378 finished, takes 33.197368144989014 seconds
Epoch:[2379][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8426 (8.8426)
Epoch:[2379][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9301 (8.8863)
Epoch:[2379][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9995 (8.9241)
Epoch:[2379][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5618 (8.8335)
Epoch:[2379][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3783 (8.9425)
Epoch:[2379][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6086 (8.8868)
Epoch:[2379][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1185 (8.9199)
Epoch:[2379][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8484 (8.9110)
Epoch:[2379][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9092 (8.9108)
Epoch:[2379][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1792 (8.9376)
Epoch:[2379][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9864 (8.9421)
Epoch:[2379][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0078 (8.9475)
Epoch:[2379][12/18]	Time 2.20 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3694 (8.9800)
Epoch:[2379][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8678 (8.9720)
Epoch:[2379][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5146 (8.9415)
Epoch:[2379][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7151 (8.9898)
Epoch:[2379][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9392 (8.9869)
Epoch:[2379][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6945 (8.9706)
epoch 2379 finished, takes 34.37193250656128 seconds
Epoch:[2380][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8534 (8.8534)
Epoch:[2380][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8899 (8.8716)
Epoch:[2380][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4871 (9.0768)
Epoch:[2380][ 3/18]	Time 1.73 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2801 (9.1276)
Epoch:[2380][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5504 (9.2122)
Epoch:[2380][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0328 (9.1823)
Epoch:[2380][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5077 (9.0859)
Epoch:[2380][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5153 (9.0146)
Epoch:[2380][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6462 (8.9736)
Epoch:[2380][ 9/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6054 (9.0368)
Epoch:[2380][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5461 (8.9922)
Epoch:[2380][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1070 (9.0018)
Epoch:[2380][12/18]	Time 1.58 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9569 (8.9983)
Epoch:[2380][13/18]	Time 1.63 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7772 (8.9825)
Epoch:[2380][14/18]	Time 2.11 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2595 (9.0010)
Epoch:[2380][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6123 (8.9767)
Epoch:[2380][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4010 (9.0017)
Epoch:[2380][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7521 (8.9878)
epoch 2380 finished, takes 33.24551749229431 seconds
Epoch:[2381][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1505 (9.1505)
Epoch:[2381][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9813 (9.0659)
Epoch:[2381][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3242 (9.1520)
Epoch:[2381][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4053 (8.9653)
Epoch:[2381][ 4/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8261 (8.9375)
Epoch:[2381][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8766 (8.9273)
Epoch:[2381][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8335 (8.9139)
Epoch:[2381][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7404 (8.8922)
Epoch:[2381][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3844 (8.9469)
Epoch:[2381][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6604 (8.9183)
Epoch:[2381][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9589 (8.9220)
Epoch:[2381][11/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0627 (8.9337)
Epoch:[2381][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0982 (8.9463)
Epoch:[2381][13/18]	Time 1.54 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2812 (8.9703)
Epoch:[2381][14/18]	Time 2.09 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9224 (8.9671)
Epoch:[2381][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1509 (8.9786)
Epoch:[2381][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5702 (8.9545)
Epoch:[2381][17/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0533 (8.9600)
epoch 2381 finished, takes 33.599093198776245 seconds
Epoch:[2382][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6249 (8.6249)
Epoch:[2382][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1747 (8.8998)
Epoch:[2382][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1545 (8.9847)
Epoch:[2382][ 3/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0689 (9.0058)
Epoch:[2382][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9518 (8.9950)
Epoch:[2382][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1489 (9.0206)
Epoch:[2382][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9556 (9.0113)
Epoch:[2382][ 7/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9732 (9.0066)
Epoch:[2382][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5401 (8.9547)
Epoch:[2382][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2740 (8.9867)
Epoch:[2382][10/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8108 (8.9707)
Epoch:[2382][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7730 (8.9542)
Epoch:[2382][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7509 (8.9386)
Epoch:[2382][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2815 (8.9630)
Epoch:[2382][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5013 (8.9323)
Epoch:[2382][15/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7636 (8.9217)
Epoch:[2382][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3590 (8.9474)
Epoch:[2382][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9337 (8.9467)
epoch 2382 finished, takes 33.39095616340637 seconds
Epoch:[2383][ 0/18]	Time 2.22 (2.22)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0487 (9.0487)
Epoch:[2383][ 1/18]	Time 1.60 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7114 (8.8800)
Epoch:[2383][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7910 (8.8504)
Epoch:[2383][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7262 (8.8193)
Epoch:[2383][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4014 (8.9357)
Epoch:[2383][ 5/18]	Time 2.26 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7970 (8.9126)
Epoch:[2383][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0584 (8.9334)
Epoch:[2383][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5336 (8.8835)
Epoch:[2383][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7309 (8.8665)
Epoch:[2383][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9612 (8.8760)
Epoch:[2383][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1627 (8.9020)
Epoch:[2383][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3062 (8.9357)
Epoch:[2383][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8754 (8.9311)
Epoch:[2383][13/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4324 (8.8955)
Epoch:[2383][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9552 (8.8994)
Epoch:[2383][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1359 (8.9142)
Epoch:[2383][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1102 (8.9257)
Epoch:[2383][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7361 (8.9152)
epoch 2383 finished, takes 34.0092568397522 seconds
Epoch:[2384][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3618 (9.3618)
Epoch:[2384][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1286 (9.2452)
Epoch:[2384][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0455 (9.1787)
Epoch:[2384][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9889 (9.1312)
Epoch:[2384][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2770 (9.1604)
Epoch:[2384][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1809 (9.1638)
Epoch:[2384][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9820 (9.1378)
Epoch:[2384][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7206 (9.0857)
Epoch:[2384][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7827 (9.0520)
Epoch:[2384][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1033 (9.0571)
Epoch:[2384][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5185 (9.0082)
Epoch:[2384][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6758 (8.9805)
Epoch:[2384][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9397 (8.9773)
Epoch:[2384][13/18]	Time 1.55 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3070 (9.0009)
Epoch:[2384][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9738 (8.9991)
Epoch:[2384][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8897 (8.9922)
Epoch:[2384][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8881 (8.9861)
Epoch:[2384][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8037 (8.9760)
epoch 2384 finished, takes 33.37051010131836 seconds
Epoch:[2385][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9438 (8.9438)
Epoch:[2385][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9194 (8.9316)
Epoch:[2385][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8533 (8.9055)
Epoch:[2385][ 3/18]	Time 1.57 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6337 (8.8375)
Epoch:[2385][ 4/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0171 (8.8734)
Epoch:[2385][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8671 (8.8724)
Epoch:[2385][ 6/18]	Time 1.57 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1830 (8.9168)
Epoch:[2385][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7875 (8.9006)
Epoch:[2385][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1867 (8.9324)
Epoch:[2385][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1425 (8.9534)
Epoch:[2385][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7908 (8.9386)
Epoch:[2385][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1808 (8.9588)
Epoch:[2385][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9788 (8.9603)
Epoch:[2385][13/18]	Time 2.14 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3979 (8.9916)
Epoch:[2385][14/18]	Time 2.17 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5707 (8.9635)
Epoch:[2385][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0743 (8.9705)
Epoch:[2385][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8849 (8.9654)
Epoch:[2385][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0790 (8.9717)
epoch 2385 finished, takes 33.103378772735596 seconds
Epoch:[2386][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8710 (8.8710)
Epoch:[2386][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1947 (9.0329)
Epoch:[2386][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9876 (9.0178)
Epoch:[2386][ 3/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1678 (9.0553)
Epoch:[2386][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9154 (9.0273)
Epoch:[2386][ 5/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2597 (9.0660)
Epoch:[2386][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0064 (9.0575)
Epoch:[2386][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3130 (9.0894)
Epoch:[2386][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6369 (9.0392)
Epoch:[2386][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0010 (9.0353)
Epoch:[2386][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6607 (9.0013)
Epoch:[2386][11/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2419 (9.0213)
Epoch:[2386][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9348 (9.0147)
Epoch:[2386][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1282 (9.0228)
Epoch:[2386][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9761 (9.0197)
Epoch:[2386][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2724 (9.0355)
Epoch:[2386][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0786 (9.0380)
Epoch:[2386][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6987 (9.0747)
epoch 2386 finished, takes 34.17002844810486 seconds
Epoch:[2387][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8059 (8.8059)
Epoch:[2387][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9955 (8.9007)
Epoch:[2387][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3238 (9.0417)
Epoch:[2387][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9597 (9.0212)
Epoch:[2387][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8432 (8.9856)
Epoch:[2387][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7160 (8.9407)
Epoch:[2387][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9182 (8.9375)
Epoch:[2387][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7748 (8.9171)
Epoch:[2387][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9454 (8.9203)
Epoch:[2387][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9127 (8.9195)
Epoch:[2387][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7648 (8.9054)
Epoch:[2387][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2587 (8.9349)
Epoch:[2387][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2941 (8.9625)
Epoch:[2387][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8222 (8.9525)
Epoch:[2387][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9976 (8.9555)
Epoch:[2387][15/18]	Time 1.60 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9061 (8.9524)
Epoch:[2387][16/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4493 (8.9228)
Epoch:[2387][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4507 (8.8966)
epoch 2387 finished, takes 32.741127490997314 seconds
Epoch:[2388][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0146 (9.0146)
Epoch:[2388][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0035 (9.0091)
Epoch:[2388][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0177 (9.0119)
Epoch:[2388][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0101 (9.0115)
Epoch:[2388][ 4/18]	Time 1.61 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1019 (9.0296)
Epoch:[2388][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2096 (9.0596)
Epoch:[2388][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1203 (9.0682)
Epoch:[2388][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2793 (9.0946)
Epoch:[2388][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5630 (9.0356)
Epoch:[2388][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0526 (9.0373)
Epoch:[2388][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8142 (9.0170)
Epoch:[2388][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4498 (8.9697)
Epoch:[2388][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0475 (8.9757)
Epoch:[2388][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7932 (8.9627)
Epoch:[2388][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0989 (8.9717)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.559166139555174  precision:  0.6079460454986959  f1:  0.5038994451680102 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.13023415]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742933813205406  precision:  0.7645194040242667  f1:  0.7449915912628521 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7032138876650599  precision:  0.7030775730649891  f1:  0.6894297592901127 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.50992556]
Epoch:[2388][15/18]	Time 12.18 (2.51)	Data 10.40 (0.65)	Loss 9.1564 (8.9833)
Epoch:[2388][16/18]	Time 1.96 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 8.7182 (8.9677)
Epoch:[2388][17/18]	Time 1.87 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.0432 (8.9719)
epoch 2388 finished, takes 43.97520089149475 seconds
Epoch:[2389][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2253 (9.2253)
Epoch:[2389][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8113 (9.0183)
Epoch:[2389][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8309 (8.9558)
Epoch:[2389][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6655 (8.8832)
Epoch:[2389][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8498 (8.8765)
Epoch:[2389][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7617 (8.8574)
Epoch:[2389][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1729 (8.9025)
Epoch:[2389][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0863 (8.9254)
Epoch:[2389][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2751 (8.9643)
Epoch:[2389][ 9/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0580 (8.9737)
Epoch:[2389][10/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6039 (8.9401)
Epoch:[2389][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6317 (8.9144)
Epoch:[2389][12/18]	Time 2.19 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7475 (8.9015)
Epoch:[2389][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8409 (8.8972)
Epoch:[2389][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4473 (8.9339)
Epoch:[2389][15/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0531 (8.9413)
Epoch:[2389][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4803 (8.9730)
Epoch:[2389][17/18]	Time 2.17 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0813 (8.9790)
epoch 2389 finished, takes 33.53170299530029 seconds
Epoch:[2390][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8281 (8.8281)
Epoch:[2390][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7104 (8.7693)
Epoch:[2390][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2863 (8.9416)
Epoch:[2390][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2621 (9.0217)
Epoch:[2390][ 4/18]	Time 2.26 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2091 (9.0592)
Epoch:[2390][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1682 (9.0774)
Epoch:[2390][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9942 (9.0655)
Epoch:[2390][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0372 (9.0620)
Epoch:[2390][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6163 (9.0124)
Epoch:[2390][ 9/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6173 (8.9729)
Epoch:[2390][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5388 (8.9335)
Epoch:[2390][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1336 (8.9501)
Epoch:[2390][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9221 (8.9480)
Epoch:[2390][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 10.1135 (9.0312)
Epoch:[2390][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1045 (9.0361)
Epoch:[2390][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8913 (9.0271)
Epoch:[2390][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0259 (9.0270)
Epoch:[2390][17/18]	Time 1.58 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9985 (9.0254)
epoch 2390 finished, takes 33.15337252616882 seconds
Epoch:[2391][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0905 (9.0905)
Epoch:[2391][ 1/18]	Time 2.03 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7780 (8.9343)
Epoch:[2391][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0221 (8.9635)
Epoch:[2391][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6977 (8.8971)
Epoch:[2391][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7312 (8.8639)
Epoch:[2391][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5729 (8.8154)
Epoch:[2391][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1348 (8.8610)
Epoch:[2391][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7296 (8.8446)
Epoch:[2391][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1885 (8.8828)
Epoch:[2391][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3684 (8.9314)
Epoch:[2391][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9023 (8.9287)
Epoch:[2391][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1299 (8.9455)
Epoch:[2391][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3109 (8.9736)
Epoch:[2391][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7830 (8.9600)
Epoch:[2391][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5016 (8.9294)
Epoch:[2391][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8146 (8.9223)
Epoch:[2391][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7641 (8.9129)
Epoch:[2391][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4656 (8.8881)
epoch 2391 finished, takes 33.40924286842346 seconds
Epoch:[2392][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7647 (8.7647)
Epoch:[2392][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8968 (8.8308)
Epoch:[2392][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5151 (8.7255)
Epoch:[2392][ 3/18]	Time 2.21 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8735 (8.7625)
Epoch:[2392][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9349 (8.7970)
Epoch:[2392][ 5/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1101 (8.8492)
Epoch:[2392][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8506 (8.8494)
Epoch:[2392][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7907 (8.8420)
Epoch:[2392][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5312 (8.9186)
Epoch:[2392][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2051 (8.9473)
Epoch:[2392][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0269 (8.9545)
Epoch:[2392][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9058 (8.9504)
Epoch:[2392][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2565 (8.9740)
Epoch:[2392][13/18]	Time 2.11 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7965 (8.9613)
Epoch:[2392][14/18]	Time 2.23 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4606 (8.9946)
Epoch:[2392][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6961 (8.9759)
Epoch:[2392][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8497 (8.9685)
Epoch:[2392][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2224 (8.9826)
epoch 2392 finished, takes 33.86852693557739 seconds
Epoch:[2393][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9444 (8.9444)
Epoch:[2393][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5188 (8.7316)
Epoch:[2393][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3618 (8.6083)
Epoch:[2393][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6251 (8.6125)
Epoch:[2393][ 4/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8900 (8.6680)
Epoch:[2393][ 5/18]	Time 2.11 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3419 (8.7803)
Epoch:[2393][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4683 (8.8786)
Epoch:[2393][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1047 (8.9069)
Epoch:[2393][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7460 (8.8890)
Epoch:[2393][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9827 (8.8984)
Epoch:[2393][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9860 (8.9063)
Epoch:[2393][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7687 (8.8949)
Epoch:[2393][12/18]	Time 1.60 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9164 (8.8965)
Epoch:[2393][13/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5334 (8.9420)
Epoch:[2393][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5313 (8.9146)
Epoch:[2393][15/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6032 (8.8952)
Epoch:[2393][16/18]	Time 1.64 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5197 (8.8731)
Epoch:[2393][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6483 (8.8606)
epoch 2393 finished, takes 33.40337085723877 seconds
Epoch:[2394][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1062 (9.1062)
Epoch:[2394][ 1/18]	Time 1.74 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9410 (9.0236)
Epoch:[2394][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6385 (8.8952)
Epoch:[2394][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9136 (8.8998)
Epoch:[2394][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0906 (8.9380)
Epoch:[2394][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7578 (8.9079)
Epoch:[2394][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2792 (8.9610)
Epoch:[2394][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1357 (8.9828)
Epoch:[2394][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5715 (9.0482)
Epoch:[2394][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4067 (8.9841)
Epoch:[2394][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8376 (8.9707)
Epoch:[2394][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8406 (8.9599)
Epoch:[2394][12/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1231 (8.9725)
Epoch:[2394][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8808 (8.9659)
Epoch:[2394][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8571 (8.9587)
Epoch:[2394][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4834 (8.9914)
Epoch:[2394][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0471 (8.9947)
Epoch:[2394][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7786 (8.9827)
epoch 2394 finished, takes 33.75218391418457 seconds
Epoch:[2395][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7366 (8.7366)
Epoch:[2395][ 1/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8155 (8.7761)
Epoch:[2395][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5071 (8.6864)
Epoch:[2395][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1468 (8.8015)
Epoch:[2395][ 4/18]	Time 2.20 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9097 (8.8231)
Epoch:[2395][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9671 (8.8471)
Epoch:[2395][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7239 (8.8295)
Epoch:[2395][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9146 (8.8402)
Epoch:[2395][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5565 (8.8086)
Epoch:[2395][ 9/18]	Time 2.07 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2046 (8.8482)
Epoch:[2395][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7500 (8.8393)
Epoch:[2395][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4363 (8.8891)
Epoch:[2395][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0858 (8.9042)
Epoch:[2395][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3750 (8.8664)
Epoch:[2395][14/18]	Time 2.03 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9617 (8.8727)
Epoch:[2395][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2169 (8.8943)
Epoch:[2395][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4216 (8.9253)
Epoch:[2395][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9803 (8.9283)
epoch 2395 finished, takes 34.41589546203613 seconds
Epoch:[2396][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0826 (9.0826)
Epoch:[2396][ 1/18]	Time 2.10 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2418 (9.1622)
Epoch:[2396][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6468 (8.9904)
Epoch:[2396][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9141 (8.9713)
Epoch:[2396][ 4/18]	Time 1.54 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2806 (9.0332)
Epoch:[2396][ 5/18]	Time 1.65 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6280 (8.9657)
Epoch:[2396][ 6/18]	Time 2.23 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8566 (8.9501)
Epoch:[2396][ 7/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3743 (9.0031)
Epoch:[2396][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1079 (9.0147)
Epoch:[2396][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7627 (8.9895)
Epoch:[2396][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9157 (8.9828)
Epoch:[2396][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0927 (8.9920)
Epoch:[2396][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7485 (8.9732)
Epoch:[2396][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7648 (8.9584)
Epoch:[2396][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9934 (8.9607)
Epoch:[2396][15/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0956 (8.9691)
Epoch:[2396][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7955 (8.9589)
Epoch:[2396][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0363 (8.9632)
epoch 2396 finished, takes 33.7839298248291 seconds
Epoch:[2397][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9741 (8.9741)
Epoch:[2397][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0032 (8.9887)
Epoch:[2397][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4268 (8.8014)
Epoch:[2397][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9059 (8.8275)
Epoch:[2397][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6323 (8.9885)
Epoch:[2397][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0424 (8.9975)
Epoch:[2397][ 6/18]	Time 1.58 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3010 (9.0408)
Epoch:[2397][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8070 (9.0116)
Epoch:[2397][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2162 (9.0343)
Epoch:[2397][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4158 (8.9725)
Epoch:[2397][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1653 (8.9900)
Epoch:[2397][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5224 (9.0344)
Epoch:[2397][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6186 (9.0024)
Epoch:[2397][13/18]	Time 2.16 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0148 (9.0033)
Epoch:[2397][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9692 (9.0010)
Epoch:[2397][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9360 (8.9969)
Epoch:[2397][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7856 (8.9845)
Epoch:[2397][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7678 (8.9725)
epoch 2397 finished, takes 32.879401445388794 seconds
Epoch:[2398][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3137 (8.3137)
Epoch:[2398][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4584 (8.8860)
Epoch:[2398][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9227 (8.8983)
Epoch:[2398][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2826 (8.9943)
Epoch:[2398][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4455 (9.0846)
Epoch:[2398][ 5/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0059 (9.0714)
Epoch:[2398][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0217 (9.0643)
Epoch:[2398][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0083 (9.0573)
Epoch:[2398][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5443 (9.1114)
Epoch:[2398][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2502 (9.1253)
Epoch:[2398][10/18]	Time 2.05 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8554 (9.1008)
Epoch:[2398][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7854 (9.0745)
Epoch:[2398][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8944 (9.0606)
Epoch:[2398][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3054 (9.0781)
Epoch:[2398][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9405 (9.0690)
Epoch:[2398][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0322 (9.0667)
Epoch:[2398][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7697 (9.0492)
Epoch:[2398][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1200 (9.0531)
epoch 2398 finished, takes 34.2402503490448 seconds
Epoch:[2399][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7060 (8.7060)
Epoch:[2399][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1868 (8.9464)
Epoch:[2399][ 2/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1689 (9.0206)
Epoch:[2399][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0287 (9.0226)
Epoch:[2399][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1468 (9.0475)
Epoch:[2399][ 5/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0267 (9.0440)
Epoch:[2399][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4573 (8.9602)
Epoch:[2399][ 7/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8320 (8.9442)
Epoch:[2399][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8252 (8.9309)
Epoch:[2399][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0989 (8.9477)
Epoch:[2399][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2625 (8.9764)
Epoch:[2399][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7797 (9.0433)
Epoch:[2399][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9352 (9.0350)
Epoch:[2399][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0331 (9.0349)
Epoch:[2399][14/18]	Time 1.58 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8304 (9.0212)
Epoch:[2399][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5490 (8.9917)
Epoch:[2399][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8647 (8.9842)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5589509178552245  precision:  0.6077754648424512  f1:  0.5036196749374562 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74764521 0.18812375 0.1295505 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.7430094211174079  precision:  0.7647059016330781  f1:  0.7450876915116791 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.68607595 0.7027027
 0.75722543 0.6918429 ]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033172788974834  precision:  0.7035916266181794  f1:  0.68962809415196 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2399][17/18]	Time 12.37 (2.43)	Data 10.43 (0.58)	Loss 8.7106 (8.9690)
epoch 2399 finished, takes 43.69489026069641 seconds
Epoch:[2400][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0679 (9.0679)
Epoch:[2400][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0768 (9.0723)
Epoch:[2400][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6057 (8.9168)
Epoch:[2400][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2627 (9.0033)
Epoch:[2400][ 4/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8111 (8.9648)
Epoch:[2400][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8668 (8.9485)
Epoch:[2400][ 6/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5818 (9.0390)
Epoch:[2400][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1596 (9.0540)
Epoch:[2400][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2097 (9.0713)
Epoch:[2400][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0355 (9.0678)
Epoch:[2400][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7993 (9.0434)
Epoch:[2400][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6099 (9.0072)
Epoch:[2400][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0399 (9.0097)
Epoch:[2400][13/18]	Time 1.72 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2607 (9.0277)
Epoch:[2400][14/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7711 (9.0106)
Epoch:[2400][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8666 (9.0016)
Epoch:[2400][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8592 (8.9932)
Epoch:[2400][17/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9230 (8.9893)
epoch 2400 finished, takes 33.69311261177063 seconds
Epoch:[2401][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1221 (9.1221)
Epoch:[2401][ 1/18]	Time 2.14 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1214 (9.1218)
Epoch:[2401][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9649 (9.0695)
Epoch:[2401][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2671 (9.1189)
Epoch:[2401][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0829 (9.1117)
Epoch:[2401][ 5/18]	Time 1.91 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0372 (9.0993)
Epoch:[2401][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4723 (9.1525)
Epoch:[2401][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7449 (9.1016)
Epoch:[2401][ 8/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8267 (9.0711)
Epoch:[2401][ 9/18]	Time 2.11 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3723 (9.1012)
Epoch:[2401][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9118 (9.0840)
Epoch:[2401][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2329 (9.0964)
Epoch:[2401][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5020 (9.1276)
Epoch:[2401][13/18]	Time 1.60 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8249 (9.1060)
Epoch:[2401][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1740 (9.1105)
Epoch:[2401][15/18]	Time 1.73 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4868 (9.1340)
Epoch:[2401][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2609 (9.1415)
Epoch:[2401][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1349 (9.1411)
epoch 2401 finished, takes 34.40417432785034 seconds
Epoch:[2402][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6189 (8.6189)
Epoch:[2402][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9452 (8.7820)
Epoch:[2402][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4925 (9.0189)
Epoch:[2402][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6203 (8.9192)
Epoch:[2402][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0085 (8.9371)
Epoch:[2402][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9524 (8.9396)
Epoch:[2402][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4132 (8.8644)
Epoch:[2402][ 7/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6154 (8.8333)
Epoch:[2402][ 8/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9081 (8.8416)
Epoch:[2402][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4789 (8.8053)
Epoch:[2402][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8577 (8.8101)
Epoch:[2402][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9426 (8.8211)
Epoch:[2402][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3001 (8.8580)
Epoch:[2402][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9051 (8.8613)
Epoch:[2402][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7268 (8.8524)
Epoch:[2402][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0033 (8.8618)
Epoch:[2402][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9059 (8.8644)
Epoch:[2402][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0013 (8.8720)
epoch 2402 finished, takes 33.425819873809814 seconds
Epoch:[2403][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1837 (9.1837)
Epoch:[2403][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9980 (9.0909)
Epoch:[2403][ 2/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5597 (9.2472)
Epoch:[2403][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0184 (9.1900)
Epoch:[2403][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3650 (9.2250)
Epoch:[2403][ 5/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8619 (9.1645)
Epoch:[2403][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7897 (9.1109)
Epoch:[2403][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7134 (9.0612)
Epoch:[2403][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2273 (9.0797)
Epoch:[2403][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9878 (9.0705)
Epoch:[2403][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7153 (9.0382)
Epoch:[2403][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9498 (9.0308)
Epoch:[2403][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4816 (8.9886)
Epoch:[2403][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7302 (8.9701)
Epoch:[2403][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8731 (8.9637)
Epoch:[2403][15/18]	Time 2.03 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0300 (8.9678)
Epoch:[2403][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8651 (8.9618)
Epoch:[2403][17/18]	Time 2.10 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8017 (8.9529)
epoch 2403 finished, takes 33.839672803878784 seconds
Epoch:[2404][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9095 (8.9095)
Epoch:[2404][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1505 (9.0300)
Epoch:[2404][ 2/18]	Time 2.31 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4466 (9.1688)
Epoch:[2404][ 3/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3367 (9.2108)
Epoch:[2404][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7444 (9.1175)
Epoch:[2404][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1677 (9.1259)
Epoch:[2404][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5101 (9.0379)
Epoch:[2404][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7908 (9.0070)
Epoch:[2404][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5027 (9.0621)
Epoch:[2404][ 9/18]	Time 1.60 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8431 (9.0402)
Epoch:[2404][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2741 (9.0615)
Epoch:[2404][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8405 (9.0430)
Epoch:[2404][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1749 (9.0532)
Epoch:[2404][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8972 (9.0420)
Epoch:[2404][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8176 (9.0271)
Epoch:[2404][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9098 (9.0198)
Epoch:[2404][16/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8228 (9.0082)
Epoch:[2404][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1444 (9.0157)
epoch 2404 finished, takes 33.16682767868042 seconds
Epoch:[2405][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4979 (8.4979)
Epoch:[2405][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5518 (8.5249)
Epoch:[2405][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1245 (8.7248)
Epoch:[2405][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9094 (8.7709)
Epoch:[2405][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5512 (8.7270)
Epoch:[2405][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5276 (8.6937)
Epoch:[2405][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0675 (8.7471)
Epoch:[2405][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7469 (8.7471)
Epoch:[2405][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9397 (8.7685)
Epoch:[2405][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2779 (8.8194)
Epoch:[2405][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7850 (8.8163)
Epoch:[2405][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2571 (8.8530)
Epoch:[2405][12/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8304 (8.8513)
Epoch:[2405][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6850 (8.8394)
Epoch:[2405][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0071 (8.8506)
Epoch:[2405][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2184 (8.8736)
Epoch:[2405][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0978 (8.8868)
Epoch:[2405][17/18]	Time 2.25 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1445 (8.9011)
epoch 2405 finished, takes 34.243319272994995 seconds
Epoch:[2406][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1056 (9.1056)
Epoch:[2406][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8970 (9.0013)
Epoch:[2406][ 2/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4266 (9.1431)
Epoch:[2406][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8994 (9.0821)
Epoch:[2406][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2167 (9.1090)
Epoch:[2406][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6524 (9.0329)
Epoch:[2406][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3414 (8.9341)
Epoch:[2406][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7140 (8.9066)
Epoch:[2406][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1923 (8.9384)
Epoch:[2406][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9547 (8.9400)
Epoch:[2406][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2149 (8.9650)
Epoch:[2406][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7303 (8.9454)
Epoch:[2406][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1435 (8.9607)
Epoch:[2406][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7976 (8.9490)
Epoch:[2406][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9181 (9.0136)
Epoch:[2406][15/18]	Time 1.80 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6441 (8.9905)
Epoch:[2406][16/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8316 (8.9812)
Epoch:[2406][17/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4223 (9.0057)
epoch 2406 finished, takes 33.42561674118042 seconds
Epoch:[2407][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4441 (8.4441)
Epoch:[2407][ 1/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7152 (8.5796)
Epoch:[2407][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7902 (8.6498)
Epoch:[2407][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5331 (8.6206)
Epoch:[2407][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3051 (8.7575)
Epoch:[2407][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2856 (8.8455)
Epoch:[2407][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9512 (8.8606)
Epoch:[2407][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9714 (8.8745)
Epoch:[2407][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1582 (8.9060)
Epoch:[2407][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4966 (8.8651)
Epoch:[2407][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2761 (8.9024)
Epoch:[2407][11/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2212 (8.8457)
Epoch:[2407][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0904 (8.8645)
Epoch:[2407][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2847 (8.8945)
Epoch:[2407][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3933 (8.9278)
Epoch:[2407][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1278 (8.9403)
Epoch:[2407][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8477 (8.9348)
Epoch:[2407][17/18]	Time 1.71 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8523 (8.9302)
epoch 2407 finished, takes 32.85521411895752 seconds
Epoch:[2408][ 0/18]	Time 2.12 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8039 (8.8039)
Epoch:[2408][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0102 (8.9071)
Epoch:[2408][ 2/18]	Time 2.07 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0505 (8.9549)
Epoch:[2408][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0691 (8.9834)
Epoch:[2408][ 4/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7203 (8.9308)
Epoch:[2408][ 5/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3073 (8.9936)
Epoch:[2408][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0978 (9.0085)
Epoch:[2408][ 7/18]	Time 1.61 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7585 (8.9772)
Epoch:[2408][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2544 (9.0080)
Epoch:[2408][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6524 (8.9725)
Epoch:[2408][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0034 (8.9753)
Epoch:[2408][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9001 (8.9690)
Epoch:[2408][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1449 (8.9825)
Epoch:[2408][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9681 (8.9815)
Epoch:[2408][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8966 (8.9758)
Epoch:[2408][15/18]	Time 2.21 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2458 (8.9927)
Epoch:[2408][16/18]	Time 2.09 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7864 (9.0394)
Epoch:[2408][17/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9480 (9.0343)
epoch 2408 finished, takes 33.964850187301636 seconds
Epoch:[2409][ 0/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0079 (9.0079)
Epoch:[2409][ 1/18]	Time 1.75 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9860 (8.9969)
Epoch:[2409][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5141 (8.8360)
Epoch:[2409][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7116 (8.8049)
Epoch:[2409][ 4/18]	Time 1.63 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4046 (8.9248)
Epoch:[2409][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9432 (8.9279)
Epoch:[2409][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2328 (8.9714)
Epoch:[2409][ 7/18]	Time 2.17 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9016 (8.9627)
Epoch:[2409][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5971 (8.9221)
Epoch:[2409][ 9/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8087 (8.9107)
Epoch:[2409][10/18]	Time 2.04 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0001 (8.9189)
Epoch:[2409][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7101 (8.9015)
Epoch:[2409][12/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7853 (8.8925)
Epoch:[2409][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8569 (8.8900)
Epoch:[2409][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3577 (8.9212)
Epoch:[2409][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7490 (8.9104)
Epoch:[2409][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8851 (8.9089)
Epoch:[2409][17/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6430 (8.8941)
epoch 2409 finished, takes 33.480292320251465 seconds
Epoch:[2410][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0234 (9.0234)
Epoch:[2410][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9611 (8.9922)
Epoch:[2410][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0075 (8.9973)
Epoch:[2410][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8140 (8.9515)
Epoch:[2410][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6866 (8.8985)
Epoch:[2410][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5878 (8.8467)
Epoch:[2410][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1975 (8.8968)
Epoch:[2410][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9115 (8.8987)
Epoch:[2410][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7314 (8.8801)
Epoch:[2410][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1634 (8.9084)
Epoch:[2410][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4281 (8.8647)
Epoch:[2410][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6226 (8.8446)
Epoch:[2410][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8949 (8.8484)
Epoch:[2410][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2105 (8.8029)
Epoch:[2410][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3914 (8.8421)
Epoch:[2410][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9819 (8.8508)
Epoch:[2410][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7025 (8.8421)
Epoch:[2410][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5369 (8.8252)
epoch 2410 finished, takes 33.37341237068176 seconds
Epoch:[2411][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9995 (8.9995)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5591319573640956  precision:  0.6080152293489129  f1:  0.5038331504469457 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.13006324]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742807932037229  precision:  0.7642640971919643  f1:  0.7448029977016376 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033172788974834  precision:  0.7035921278235765  f1:  0.6896602001725167 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2411][ 1/18]	Time 12.42 (7.13)	Data 10.46 (5.23)	Loss 8.7411 (8.8703)
Epoch:[2411][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (5.43)	Data 0.00 (3.49)	Loss 9.0830 (8.9412)
Epoch:[2411][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (4.53)	Data 0.00 (2.62)	Loss 8.7980 (8.9054)
Epoch:[2411][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (3.97)	Data 0.00 (2.09)	Loss 9.3438 (8.9931)
Epoch:[2411][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (3.62)	Data 0.00 (1.74)	Loss 8.7374 (8.9505)
Epoch:[2411][ 6/18]	Time 2.12 (3.41)	Data 0.00 (1.50)	Loss 8.9690 (8.9531)
Epoch:[2411][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (3.20)	Data 0.00 (1.31)	Loss 9.3923 (9.0080)
Epoch:[2411][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (3.04)	Data 0.00 (1.16)	Loss 8.1835 (8.9164)
Epoch:[2411][ 9/18]	Time 2.09 (2.94)	Data 0.00 (1.05)	Loss 8.8832 (8.9131)
Epoch:[2411][10/18]	Time 1.82 (2.84)	Data 0.00 (0.95)	Loss 8.7179 (8.8953)
Epoch:[2411][11/18]	Time 2.15 (2.78)	Data 0.00 (0.87)	Loss 8.8357 (8.8904)
Epoch:[2411][12/18]	Time 1.57 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.81)	Loss 8.7578 (8.8802)
Epoch:[2411][13/18]	Time 1.81 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.75)	Loss 8.8426 (8.8775)
Epoch:[2411][14/18]	Time 1.79 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 9.3395 (8.9083)
Epoch:[2411][15/18]	Time 2.02 (2.54)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 9.6163 (8.9525)
Epoch:[2411][16/18]	Time 2.03 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.62)	Loss 9.3748 (8.9774)
Epoch:[2411][17/18]	Time 1.83 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 8.6401 (8.9586)
epoch 2411 finished, takes 44.46743559837341 seconds
Epoch:[2412][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1269 (9.1269)
Epoch:[2412][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0443 (9.0856)
Epoch:[2412][ 2/18]	Time 1.94 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4041 (9.1918)
Epoch:[2412][ 3/18]	Time 2.10 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9200 (9.1238)
Epoch:[2412][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6304 (9.0252)
Epoch:[2412][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1231 (9.0415)
Epoch:[2412][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9635 (9.0303)
Epoch:[2412][ 7/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7454 (9.1197)
Epoch:[2412][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7856 (9.0826)
Epoch:[2412][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8792 (9.0623)
Epoch:[2412][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6929 (9.0287)
Epoch:[2412][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5295 (9.0704)
Epoch:[2412][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8937 (9.0568)
Epoch:[2412][13/18]	Time 2.17 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2326 (9.0694)
Epoch:[2412][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9913 (9.0642)
Epoch:[2412][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0879 (9.0657)
Epoch:[2412][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8155 (9.0509)
Epoch:[2412][17/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3200 (9.0659)
epoch 2412 finished, takes 33.92520070075989 seconds
Epoch:[2413][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2793 (9.2793)
Epoch:[2413][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0437 (9.1615)
Epoch:[2413][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8460 (9.0563)
Epoch:[2413][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3137 (9.1207)
Epoch:[2413][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7286 (9.0423)
Epoch:[2413][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8112 (9.0038)
Epoch:[2413][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4173 (8.9200)
Epoch:[2413][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0253 (8.9331)
Epoch:[2413][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8888 (8.9282)
Epoch:[2413][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9615 (8.9315)
Epoch:[2413][10/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0484 (8.9422)
Epoch:[2413][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2592 (8.9686)
Epoch:[2413][12/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9021 (8.9635)
Epoch:[2413][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8676 (8.9566)
Epoch:[2413][14/18]	Time 1.70 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7985 (8.9461)
Epoch:[2413][15/18]	Time 2.07 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1102 (8.9563)
Epoch:[2413][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4285 (8.9841)
Epoch:[2413][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8881 (8.9788)
epoch 2413 finished, takes 33.29117441177368 seconds
Epoch:[2414][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6927 (8.6927)
Epoch:[2414][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2831 (8.9879)
Epoch:[2414][ 2/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5953 (8.8570)
Epoch:[2414][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0810 (8.9130)
Epoch:[2414][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8969 (8.9098)
Epoch:[2414][ 5/18]	Time 1.63 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4326 (8.8303)
Epoch:[2414][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0074 (8.8556)
Epoch:[2414][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1002 (8.8862)
Epoch:[2414][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5339 (8.9581)
Epoch:[2414][ 9/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2026 (8.9826)
Epoch:[2414][10/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0044 (8.9846)
Epoch:[2414][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9684 (8.9832)
Epoch:[2414][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0534 (8.9886)
Epoch:[2414][13/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6742 (8.9661)
Epoch:[2414][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9582 (8.9656)
Epoch:[2414][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0800 (8.9728)
Epoch:[2414][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2856 (8.9912)
Epoch:[2414][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7730 (8.9790)
epoch 2414 finished, takes 33.24402832984924 seconds
Epoch:[2415][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2012 (9.2012)
Epoch:[2415][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3025 (9.2518)
Epoch:[2415][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9875 (9.1637)
Epoch:[2415][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9713 (9.1156)
Epoch:[2415][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8927 (9.0710)
Epoch:[2415][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2251 (9.0967)
Epoch:[2415][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0493 (9.0899)
Epoch:[2415][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9005 (9.0662)
Epoch:[2415][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1079 (9.0709)
Epoch:[2415][ 9/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8533 (9.0491)
Epoch:[2415][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0726 (9.0513)
Epoch:[2415][11/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8392 (9.0336)
Epoch:[2415][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8358 (9.0184)
Epoch:[2415][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6643 (8.9931)
Epoch:[2415][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8989 (8.9868)
Epoch:[2415][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8208 (8.9764)
Epoch:[2415][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8015 (8.9661)
Epoch:[2415][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6915 (8.9509)
epoch 2415 finished, takes 33.34366774559021 seconds
Epoch:[2416][ 0/18]	Time 2.07 (2.07)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2696 (9.2696)
Epoch:[2416][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6286 (8.9491)
Epoch:[2416][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8582 (8.9188)
Epoch:[2416][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0841 (8.9601)
Epoch:[2416][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5494 (8.8780)
Epoch:[2416][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9137 (8.8840)
Epoch:[2416][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8274 (8.8759)
Epoch:[2416][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0539 (8.8981)
Epoch:[2416][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6153 (8.9778)
Epoch:[2416][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1944 (8.9995)
Epoch:[2416][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1123 (9.0097)
Epoch:[2416][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2258 (9.0277)
Epoch:[2416][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1049 (9.0337)
Epoch:[2416][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9533 (9.0279)
Epoch:[2416][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3810 (9.0515)
Epoch:[2416][15/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.1588 (8.9957)
Epoch:[2416][16/18]	Time 2.20 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8070 (8.9846)
Epoch:[2416][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8472 (8.9769)
epoch 2416 finished, takes 33.90564274787903 seconds
Epoch:[2417][ 0/18]	Time 1.77 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6263 (8.6263)
Epoch:[2417][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5421 (8.5842)
Epoch:[2417][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4504 (8.5396)
Epoch:[2417][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8352 (8.6135)
Epoch:[2417][ 4/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7007 (8.6310)
Epoch:[2417][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5918 (8.6244)
Epoch:[2417][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8543 (8.6573)
Epoch:[2417][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3277 (8.7411)
Epoch:[2417][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6138 (8.7269)
Epoch:[2417][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8873 (8.7430)
Epoch:[2417][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7805 (8.7464)
Epoch:[2417][11/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1867 (8.7831)
Epoch:[2417][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6195 (8.7705)
Epoch:[2417][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3663 (8.8130)
Epoch:[2417][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1747 (8.8371)
Epoch:[2417][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3687 (8.8704)
Epoch:[2417][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1136 (8.8847)
Epoch:[2417][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3709 (8.9117)
epoch 2417 finished, takes 32.934077978134155 seconds
Epoch:[2418][ 0/18]	Time 2.18 (2.18)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9346 (8.9346)
Epoch:[2418][ 1/18]	Time 1.94 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5972 (8.7659)
Epoch:[2418][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8900 (8.8073)
Epoch:[2418][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4489 (8.9677)
Epoch:[2418][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4938 (8.8729)
Epoch:[2418][ 5/18]	Time 1.88 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5865 (8.8252)
Epoch:[2418][ 6/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1107 (8.8660)
Epoch:[2418][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7219 (8.8480)
Epoch:[2418][ 8/18]	Time 1.57 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7395 (8.8359)
Epoch:[2418][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5848 (8.8108)
Epoch:[2418][10/18]	Time 2.24 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1075 (8.8378)
Epoch:[2418][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0111 (8.8522)
Epoch:[2418][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3734 (8.8923)
Epoch:[2418][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.9827 (8.9702)
Epoch:[2418][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1364 (8.9813)
Epoch:[2418][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0238 (8.9839)
Epoch:[2418][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7726 (8.9715)
Epoch:[2418][17/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0172 (8.9740)
epoch 2418 finished, takes 33.66120934486389 seconds
Epoch:[2419][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0048 (9.0048)
Epoch:[2419][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8884 (8.9466)
Epoch:[2419][ 2/18]	Time 2.04 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9201 (8.9378)
Epoch:[2419][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8778 (8.9228)
Epoch:[2419][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9599 (8.9302)
Epoch:[2419][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1398 (8.9651)
Epoch:[2419][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1294 (8.9886)
Epoch:[2419][ 7/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2470 (9.0209)
Epoch:[2419][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1007 (9.0298)
Epoch:[2419][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3392 (9.0607)
Epoch:[2419][10/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1216 (9.0663)
Epoch:[2419][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5339 (9.0219)
Epoch:[2419][12/18]	Time 2.21 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8656 (9.0099)
Epoch:[2419][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7220 (8.9893)
Epoch:[2419][14/18]	Time 1.61 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1008 (8.9967)
Epoch:[2419][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4302 (9.0238)
Epoch:[2419][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9695 (9.0206)
Epoch:[2419][17/18]	Time 2.16 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0007 (9.0195)
epoch 2419 finished, takes 33.73126411437988 seconds
Epoch:[2420][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0942 (9.0942)
Epoch:[2420][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3103 (8.7023)
Epoch:[2420][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6959 (8.7002)
Epoch:[2420][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4867 (8.8968)
Epoch:[2420][ 4/18]	Time 2.18 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2185 (8.9611)
Epoch:[2420][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3441 (9.0250)
Epoch:[2420][ 6/18]	Time 1.89 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4703 (8.9457)
Epoch:[2420][ 7/18]	Time 1.90 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2676 (8.9860)
Epoch:[2420][ 8/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4941 (9.0424)
Epoch:[2420][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0956 (9.0477)
Epoch:[2420][10/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8941 (9.1247)
Epoch:[2420][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0090 (9.1150)
Epoch:[2420][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1824 (9.1202)
Epoch:[2420][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2397 (9.1288)
Epoch:[2420][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6680 (9.0980)
Epoch:[2420][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2127 (9.1052)
Epoch:[2420][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1268 (9.1065)
Epoch:[2420][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0140 (9.1013)
epoch 2420 finished, takes 34.14740037918091 seconds
Epoch:[2421][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3236 (9.3236)
Epoch:[2421][ 1/18]	Time 2.21 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5182 (8.9209)
Epoch:[2421][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1424 (8.9947)
Epoch:[2421][ 3/18]	Time 2.09 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8877 (8.9680)
Epoch:[2421][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3653 (9.0475)
Epoch:[2421][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6047 (8.9737)
Epoch:[2421][ 6/18]	Time 2.04 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5957 (8.9197)
Epoch:[2421][ 7/18]	Time 1.75 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6803 (8.8897)
Epoch:[2421][ 8/18]	Time 1.65 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0137 (8.9035)
Epoch:[2421][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0041 (8.9136)
Epoch:[2421][10/18]	Time 1.58 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0836 (8.9290)
Epoch:[2421][11/18]	Time 2.11 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8743 (8.9245)
Epoch:[2421][12/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8224 (8.9166)
Epoch:[2421][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4357 (8.9537)
Epoch:[2421][14/18]	Time 1.94 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0138 (8.9577)
Epoch:[2421][15/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1537 (8.9700)
Epoch:[2421][16/18]	Time 2.40 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2982 (8.9893)
Epoch:[2421][17/18]	Time 1.61 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0144 (8.9907)
epoch 2421 finished, takes 33.84628367424011 seconds
Epoch:[2422][ 0/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2807 (9.2807)
Epoch:[2422][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5490 (8.9148)
Epoch:[2422][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0514 (8.9603)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5591319573640956  precision:  0.6081355665466119  f1:  0.5038507979033346 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.13006324]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742807932037229  precision:  0.7642640971919643  f1:  0.7448029977016376 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033172788974834  precision:  0.7035921278235765  f1:  0.6896602001725167 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2422][ 3/18]	Time 13.12 (4.72)	Data 10.95 (2.74)	Loss 8.8972 (8.9446)
Epoch:[2422][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (4.10)	Data 0.00 (2.19)	Loss 8.6671 (8.8891)
Epoch:[2422][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (3.75)	Data 0.00 (1.83)	Loss 9.0636 (8.9181)
Epoch:[2422][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (3.46)	Data 0.00 (1.56)	Loss 9.1721 (8.9544)
Epoch:[2422][ 7/18]	Time 1.79 (3.26)	Data 0.00 (1.37)	Loss 8.8914 (8.9466)
Epoch:[2422][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (3.13)	Data 0.00 (1.22)	Loss 9.2145 (8.9763)
Epoch:[2422][ 9/18]	Time 1.69 (2.99)	Data 0.00 (1.10)	Loss 8.4145 (8.9201)
Epoch:[2422][10/18]	Time 1.78 (2.88)	Data 0.00 (1.00)	Loss 8.6362 (8.8943)
Epoch:[2422][11/18]	Time 1.85 (2.79)	Data 0.00 (0.91)	Loss 9.4742 (8.9427)
Epoch:[2422][12/18]	Time 1.67 (2.71)	Data 0.00 (0.84)	Loss 8.8422 (8.9349)
Epoch:[2422][13/18]	Time 2.36 (2.68)	Data 0.00 (0.78)	Loss 9.2107 (8.9546)
Epoch:[2422][14/18]	Time 1.66 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.73)	Loss 8.8177 (8.9455)
Epoch:[2422][15/18]	Time 1.96 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.68)	Loss 8.9810 (8.9477)
Epoch:[2422][16/18]	Time 1.63 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 8.6065 (8.9276)
Epoch:[2422][17/18]	Time 1.63 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 8.2787 (8.8916)
epoch 2422 finished, takes 44.41865587234497 seconds
Epoch:[2423][ 0/18]	Time 2.05 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1381 (9.1381)
Epoch:[2423][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0061 (9.0721)
Epoch:[2423][ 2/18]	Time 2.10 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4348 (9.1930)
Epoch:[2423][ 3/18]	Time 1.52 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0962 (9.1688)
Epoch:[2423][ 4/18]	Time 1.65 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5936 (9.0538)
Epoch:[2423][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1731 (9.0737)
Epoch:[2423][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1906 (9.0904)
Epoch:[2423][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7242 (9.0446)
Epoch:[2423][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0731 (9.0478)
Epoch:[2423][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7109 (9.0141)
Epoch:[2423][10/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4025 (9.0494)
Epoch:[2423][11/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9211 (9.0387)
Epoch:[2423][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9217 (9.0297)
Epoch:[2423][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5260 (9.0651)
Epoch:[2423][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9798 (9.0595)
Epoch:[2423][15/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7020 (9.0371)
Epoch:[2423][16/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7404 (9.0197)
Epoch:[2423][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9666 (9.0167)
epoch 2423 finished, takes 33.5193932056427 seconds
Epoch:[2424][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7027 (8.7027)
Epoch:[2424][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2212 (8.9619)
Epoch:[2424][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6887 (8.8709)
Epoch:[2424][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1649 (8.9444)
Epoch:[2424][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7672 (8.9089)
Epoch:[2424][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4745 (9.0032)
Epoch:[2424][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7865 (8.9722)
Epoch:[2424][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8254 (8.9539)
Epoch:[2424][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8136 (8.9383)
Epoch:[2424][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9816 (8.9426)
Epoch:[2424][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3846 (8.9828)
Epoch:[2424][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7913 (8.9668)
Epoch:[2424][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9625 (8.9665)
Epoch:[2424][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0992 (8.9760)
Epoch:[2424][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6882 (8.9568)
Epoch:[2424][15/18]	Time 1.70 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7315 (8.9427)
Epoch:[2424][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7633 (8.9322)
Epoch:[2424][17/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3842 (8.9573)
epoch 2424 finished, takes 33.556541204452515 seconds
Epoch:[2425][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9702 (8.9702)
Epoch:[2425][ 1/18]	Time 1.57 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2011 (9.0857)
Epoch:[2425][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1832 (9.1182)
Epoch:[2425][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1893 (9.1360)
Epoch:[2425][ 4/18]	Time 2.39 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2291 (9.1546)
Epoch:[2425][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9661 (9.1232)
Epoch:[2425][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6066 (9.0494)
Epoch:[2425][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9650 (9.0388)
Epoch:[2425][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0017 (9.0347)
Epoch:[2425][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0426 (9.0355)
Epoch:[2425][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5995 (9.0868)
Epoch:[2425][11/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5281 (9.0402)
Epoch:[2425][12/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8517 (9.0257)
Epoch:[2425][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6731 (9.0005)
Epoch:[2425][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7604 (8.9845)
Epoch:[2425][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.1875 (8.9347)
Epoch:[2425][16/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8634 (8.9305)
Epoch:[2425][17/18]	Time 1.88 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2538 (8.9485)
epoch 2425 finished, takes 33.497698068618774 seconds
Epoch:[2426][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7683 (8.7683)
Epoch:[2426][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0989 (8.9336)
Epoch:[2426][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8871 (8.9181)
Epoch:[2426][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7964 (8.8877)
Epoch:[2426][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1602 (8.9422)
Epoch:[2426][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2233 (8.9890)
Epoch:[2426][ 6/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6902 (8.9463)
Epoch:[2426][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2494 (8.8592)
Epoch:[2426][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3237 (8.9108)
Epoch:[2426][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7502 (8.8948)
Epoch:[2426][10/18]	Time 1.60 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9770 (8.9022)
Epoch:[2426][11/18]	Time 2.26 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2745 (8.9333)
Epoch:[2426][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3877 (8.9682)
Epoch:[2426][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5550 (8.9387)
Epoch:[2426][14/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9337 (8.9384)
Epoch:[2426][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7159 (8.9245)
Epoch:[2426][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7564 (8.9146)
Epoch:[2426][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8311 (8.9099)
epoch 2426 finished, takes 33.30665349960327 seconds
Epoch:[2427][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1909 (9.1909)
Epoch:[2427][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7265 (8.9587)
Epoch:[2427][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8216 (8.9130)
Epoch:[2427][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5782 (8.8293)
Epoch:[2427][ 4/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4203 (8.7475)
Epoch:[2427][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4439 (8.8636)
Epoch:[2427][ 6/18]	Time 1.58 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5758 (8.8225)
Epoch:[2427][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7031 (8.8075)
Epoch:[2427][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1831 (8.8493)
Epoch:[2427][ 9/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8640 (8.8507)
Epoch:[2427][10/18]	Time 1.91 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3519 (8.8963)
Epoch:[2427][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8264 (8.8905)
Epoch:[2427][12/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1512 (8.9105)
Epoch:[2427][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7677 (8.9003)
Epoch:[2427][14/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6204 (8.8817)
Epoch:[2427][15/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0964 (8.8951)
Epoch:[2427][16/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0553 (8.9045)
Epoch:[2427][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6108 (8.8882)
epoch 2427 finished, takes 32.98672008514404 seconds
Epoch:[2428][ 0/18]	Time 2.11 (2.11)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5020 (8.5020)
Epoch:[2428][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0877 (8.7948)
Epoch:[2428][ 2/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2407 (8.9435)
Epoch:[2428][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6731 (8.8759)
Epoch:[2428][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6941 (8.8395)
Epoch:[2428][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3411 (8.9231)
Epoch:[2428][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6692 (8.8868)
Epoch:[2428][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5278 (8.9670)
Epoch:[2428][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5298 (8.9184)
Epoch:[2428][ 9/18]	Time 1.66 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0289 (8.9294)
Epoch:[2428][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0946 (8.9445)
Epoch:[2428][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6869 (8.9230)
Epoch:[2428][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3612 (8.9567)
Epoch:[2428][13/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8675 (8.9503)
Epoch:[2428][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9574 (8.9508)
Epoch:[2428][15/18]	Time 2.09 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4990 (8.9226)
Epoch:[2428][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1188 (8.9341)
Epoch:[2428][17/18]	Time 1.96 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8726 (8.9307)
epoch 2428 finished, takes 34.30791234970093 seconds
Epoch:[2429][ 0/18]	Time 1.93 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9028 (8.9028)
Epoch:[2429][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0046 (8.9537)
Epoch:[2429][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1538 (9.0204)
Epoch:[2429][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1762 (9.0594)
Epoch:[2429][ 4/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8991 (9.0273)
Epoch:[2429][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6457 (9.1304)
Epoch:[2429][ 6/18]	Time 1.63 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9163 (9.0998)
Epoch:[2429][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1123 (9.1014)
Epoch:[2429][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6997 (9.0567)
Epoch:[2429][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1894 (9.0700)
Epoch:[2429][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7779 (9.1344)
Epoch:[2429][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0344 (9.1260)
Epoch:[2429][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9295 (9.1109)
Epoch:[2429][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1433 (9.1132)
Epoch:[2429][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4709 (9.0704)
Epoch:[2429][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1895 (9.0778)
Epoch:[2429][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6416 (9.0522)
Epoch:[2429][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1161 (9.0557)
epoch 2429 finished, takes 33.9077205657959 seconds
Epoch:[2430][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5007 (9.5007)
Epoch:[2430][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3954 (9.4481)
Epoch:[2430][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6489 (9.1817)
Epoch:[2430][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8231 (9.0920)
Epoch:[2430][ 4/18]	Time 2.14 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7488 (9.0234)
Epoch:[2430][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4869 (8.9340)
Epoch:[2430][ 6/18]	Time 2.05 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3239 (8.9897)
Epoch:[2430][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6956 (8.9529)
Epoch:[2430][ 8/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4423 (8.8962)
Epoch:[2430][ 9/18]	Time 2.19 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5829 (8.8648)
Epoch:[2430][10/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9666 (8.8741)
Epoch:[2430][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1611 (8.8980)
Epoch:[2430][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8220 (8.8922)
Epoch:[2430][13/18]	Time 1.87 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9027 (8.8929)
Epoch:[2430][14/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1411 (8.9095)
Epoch:[2430][15/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2332 (8.9297)
Epoch:[2430][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9316 (8.9298)
Epoch:[2430][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7443 (8.9195)
epoch 2430 finished, takes 34.27697682380676 seconds
Epoch:[2431][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2058 (9.2058)
Epoch:[2431][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6030 (8.9044)
Epoch:[2431][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8623 (8.8903)
Epoch:[2431][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0445 (8.9289)
Epoch:[2431][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9874 (8.9406)
Epoch:[2431][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0758 (8.9631)
Epoch:[2431][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4847 (9.0376)
Epoch:[2431][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0178 (9.0352)
Epoch:[2431][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6082 (8.9877)
Epoch:[2431][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7521 (8.9641)
Epoch:[2431][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2956 (8.9943)
Epoch:[2431][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7205 (8.9715)
Epoch:[2431][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0331 (8.9762)
Epoch:[2431][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0200 (8.9793)
Epoch:[2431][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9096 (8.9747)
Epoch:[2431][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1823 (8.9877)
Epoch:[2431][16/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7545 (8.9739)
Epoch:[2431][17/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3269 (8.9936)
epoch 2431 finished, takes 34.27794575691223 seconds
Epoch:[2432][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9489 (8.9489)
Epoch:[2432][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3307 (9.1398)
Epoch:[2432][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9636 (9.0810)
Epoch:[2432][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2343 (9.1194)
Epoch:[2432][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4397 (9.1834)
Epoch:[2432][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6140 (9.0885)
Epoch:[2432][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0360 (9.0810)
Epoch:[2432][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7953 (9.0453)
Epoch:[2432][ 8/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8539 (9.0240)
Epoch:[2432][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1612 (9.0378)
Epoch:[2432][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2642 (9.0583)
Epoch:[2432][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7497 (9.0326)
Epoch:[2432][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7632 (9.0119)
Epoch:[2432][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6535 (8.9863)
Epoch:[2432][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9300 (8.9825)
Epoch:[2432][15/18]	Time 1.60 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0461 (8.9865)
Epoch:[2432][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6346 (8.9658)
Epoch:[2432][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1611 (8.9767)
epoch 2432 finished, takes 33.445417404174805 seconds
Epoch:[2433][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9786 (8.9786)
Epoch:[2433][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1149 (9.0467)
Epoch:[2433][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8000 (8.9645)
Epoch:[2433][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0527 (8.9866)
Epoch:[2433][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7428 (8.9378)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5590635929819388  precision:  0.607996685438672  f1:  0.5037417083530018 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.12972142]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742807932037229  precision:  0.7642640971919643  f1:  0.7448029977016376 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033172788974834  precision:  0.7035921278235765  f1:  0.6896602001725167 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2433][ 5/18]	Time 12.69 (3.66)	Data 10.70 (1.78)	Loss 8.6556 (8.8908)
Epoch:[2433][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (3.39)	Data 0.00 (1.53)	Loss 9.2057 (8.9358)
Epoch:[2433][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (3.19)	Data 0.00 (1.34)	Loss 9.2096 (8.9700)
Epoch:[2433][ 8/18]	Time 1.67 (3.02)	Data 0.00 (1.19)	Loss 8.6510 (8.9346)
Epoch:[2433][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (2.91)	Data 0.00 (1.07)	Loss 8.7310 (8.9142)
Epoch:[2433][10/18]	Time 2.00 (2.83)	Data 0.00 (0.97)	Loss 8.7551 (8.8997)
Epoch:[2433][11/18]	Time 1.77 (2.74)	Data 0.00 (0.89)	Loss 8.8932 (8.8992)
Epoch:[2433][12/18]	Time 1.76 (2.66)	Data 0.00 (0.82)	Loss 9.3650 (8.9350)
Epoch:[2433][13/18]	Time 1.84 (2.60)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 8.8817 (8.9312)
Epoch:[2433][14/18]	Time 1.96 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.71)	Loss 8.9095 (8.9298)
Epoch:[2433][15/18]	Time 2.08 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 9.2214 (8.9480)
Epoch:[2433][16/18]	Time 1.85 (2.49)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 8.4491 (8.9186)
Epoch:[2433][17/18]	Time 1.80 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 8.7752 (8.9107)
epoch 2433 finished, takes 44.13986682891846 seconds
Epoch:[2434][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1354 (9.1354)
Epoch:[2434][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5058 (8.8206)
Epoch:[2434][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7311 (8.7908)
Epoch:[2434][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8689 (8.8103)
Epoch:[2434][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6969 (8.7876)
Epoch:[2434][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3010 (8.8732)
Epoch:[2434][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4553 (8.8135)
Epoch:[2434][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8069 (8.8127)
Epoch:[2434][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9790 (8.8311)
Epoch:[2434][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0636 (8.8544)
Epoch:[2434][10/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2638 (8.8916)
Epoch:[2434][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0698 (8.9065)
Epoch:[2434][12/18]	Time 2.18 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8106 (8.8991)
Epoch:[2434][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8803 (8.8977)
Epoch:[2434][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7670 (8.8890)
Epoch:[2434][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4149 (8.9219)
Epoch:[2434][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8596 (8.9182)
Epoch:[2434][17/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7708 (8.9100)
epoch 2434 finished, takes 33.56698226928711 seconds
Epoch:[2435][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5435 (8.5435)
Epoch:[2435][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8745 (8.7090)
Epoch:[2435][ 2/18]	Time 2.07 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0372 (8.8184)
Epoch:[2435][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9177 (8.8432)
Epoch:[2435][ 4/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9048 (8.8556)
Epoch:[2435][ 5/18]	Time 1.98 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3057 (8.9306)
Epoch:[2435][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7397 (8.9033)
Epoch:[2435][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9061 (8.9037)
Epoch:[2435][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6352 (8.8738)
Epoch:[2435][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9027 (8.8767)
Epoch:[2435][10/18]	Time 2.02 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7557 (8.8657)
Epoch:[2435][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8035 (8.8605)
Epoch:[2435][12/18]	Time 1.60 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6274 (8.9195)
Epoch:[2435][13/18]	Time 1.57 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9356 (8.9207)
Epoch:[2435][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2123 (8.9401)
Epoch:[2435][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2634 (8.9603)
Epoch:[2435][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9872 (8.9619)
Epoch:[2435][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5423 (8.9386)
epoch 2435 finished, takes 33.861952781677246 seconds
Epoch:[2436][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0761 (9.0761)
Epoch:[2436][ 1/18]	Time 2.11 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8071 (8.9416)
Epoch:[2436][ 2/18]	Time 1.79 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8997 (8.9276)
Epoch:[2436][ 3/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3116 (9.0236)
Epoch:[2436][ 4/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7325 (8.9654)
Epoch:[2436][ 5/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8720 (8.9498)
Epoch:[2436][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2956 (8.8564)
Epoch:[2436][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4659 (8.8076)
Epoch:[2436][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9077 (8.8187)
Epoch:[2436][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0972 (8.8465)
Epoch:[2436][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0857 (8.8683)
Epoch:[2436][11/18]	Time 2.21 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5931 (8.9287)
Epoch:[2436][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1618 (8.9466)
Epoch:[2436][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4314 (8.9812)
Epoch:[2436][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4441 (8.9454)
Epoch:[2436][15/18]	Time 2.08 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8031 (8.9365)
Epoch:[2436][16/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3646 (8.9617)
Epoch:[2436][17/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0721 (8.9679)
epoch 2436 finished, takes 34.69804358482361 seconds
Epoch:[2437][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0474 (9.0474)
Epoch:[2437][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5200 (8.7837)
Epoch:[2437][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5236 (8.6970)
Epoch:[2437][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6279 (8.6797)
Epoch:[2437][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1406 (8.7719)
Epoch:[2437][ 5/18]	Time 2.00 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8620 (8.7869)
Epoch:[2437][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6985 (8.7743)
Epoch:[2437][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9368 (8.7946)
Epoch:[2437][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0912 (8.8276)
Epoch:[2437][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5926 (8.8041)
Epoch:[2437][10/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8422 (8.8075)
Epoch:[2437][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9314 (8.8179)
Epoch:[2437][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9980 (8.8317)
Epoch:[2437][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9368 (8.8392)
Epoch:[2437][14/18]	Time 2.14 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0534 (8.8535)
Epoch:[2437][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8465 (8.8531)
Epoch:[2437][16/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8313 (8.8518)
Epoch:[2437][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5600 (8.8356)
epoch 2437 finished, takes 34.18856430053711 seconds
Epoch:[2438][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9568 (8.9568)
Epoch:[2438][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9359 (8.9463)
Epoch:[2438][ 2/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3042 (9.0656)
Epoch:[2438][ 3/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6192 (8.9540)
Epoch:[2438][ 4/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6733 (8.8979)
Epoch:[2438][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8851 (8.8957)
Epoch:[2438][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8944 (8.8956)
Epoch:[2438][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7896 (8.8823)
Epoch:[2438][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4351 (8.8326)
Epoch:[2438][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9504 (8.8444)
Epoch:[2438][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8530 (8.8452)
Epoch:[2438][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1231 (8.8683)
Epoch:[2438][12/18]	Time 1.65 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8695 (8.8684)
Epoch:[2438][13/18]	Time 1.70 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7679 (8.8612)
Epoch:[2438][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1497 (8.8805)
Epoch:[2438][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9810 (8.8868)
Epoch:[2438][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7359 (8.8779)
Epoch:[2438][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0979 (8.8901)
epoch 2438 finished, takes 32.6792094707489 seconds
Epoch:[2439][ 0/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8872 (8.8872)
Epoch:[2439][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7170 (8.8021)
Epoch:[2439][ 2/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3106 (8.9716)
Epoch:[2439][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0133 (8.9820)
Epoch:[2439][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9729 (8.9802)
Epoch:[2439][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3034 (9.0340)
Epoch:[2439][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8133 (9.0025)
Epoch:[2439][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0891 (9.0133)
Epoch:[2439][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5658 (8.9636)
Epoch:[2439][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9744 (8.9647)
Epoch:[2439][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8182 (8.9514)
Epoch:[2439][11/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9681 (8.9528)
Epoch:[2439][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9359 (8.9515)
Epoch:[2439][13/18]	Time 1.67 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6384 (8.9291)
Epoch:[2439][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1303 (8.9425)
Epoch:[2439][15/18]	Time 1.87 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9986 (8.9460)
Epoch:[2439][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7611 (8.9351)
Epoch:[2439][17/18]	Time 1.90 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2424 (8.9522)
epoch 2439 finished, takes 34.40718674659729 seconds
Epoch:[2440][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0226 (9.0226)
Epoch:[2440][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7638 (8.8932)
Epoch:[2440][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8360 (8.8741)
Epoch:[2440][ 3/18]	Time 1.60 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0569 (8.9198)
Epoch:[2440][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0303 (8.9419)
Epoch:[2440][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5488 (8.8764)
Epoch:[2440][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8272 (8.8694)
Epoch:[2440][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9055 (8.8739)
Epoch:[2440][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9371 (8.8809)
Epoch:[2440][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8906 (8.8819)
Epoch:[2440][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7256 (8.8677)
Epoch:[2440][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0941 (8.8865)
Epoch:[2440][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8462 (8.8834)
Epoch:[2440][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2382 (8.9088)
Epoch:[2440][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7449 (8.8978)
Epoch:[2440][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7989 (8.8917)
Epoch:[2440][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9968 (8.8978)
Epoch:[2440][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3504 (8.9230)
epoch 2440 finished, takes 33.37584090232849 seconds
Epoch:[2441][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5922 (8.5922)
Epoch:[2441][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6960 (8.6441)
Epoch:[2441][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1670 (8.8184)
Epoch:[2441][ 3/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5544 (8.7524)
Epoch:[2441][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8247 (8.7669)
Epoch:[2441][ 5/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9837 (8.8030)
Epoch:[2441][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8411 (8.8085)
Epoch:[2441][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8931 (8.8190)
Epoch:[2441][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9634 (8.8351)
Epoch:[2441][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7804 (8.8296)
Epoch:[2441][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3646 (8.8783)
Epoch:[2441][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8010 (8.8718)
Epoch:[2441][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1451 (8.8928)
Epoch:[2441][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1337 (8.9100)
Epoch:[2441][14/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0634 (8.9203)
Epoch:[2441][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2464 (8.9406)
Epoch:[2441][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9162 (8.9392)
Epoch:[2441][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9473 (8.9397)
epoch 2441 finished, takes 34.2544891834259 seconds
Epoch:[2442][ 0/18]	Time 1.64 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7459 (8.7459)
Epoch:[2442][ 1/18]	Time 1.87 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8498 (8.7978)
Epoch:[2442][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1457 (8.9138)
Epoch:[2442][ 3/18]	Time 1.90 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8578 (8.8998)
Epoch:[2442][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3870 (8.7972)
Epoch:[2442][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2936 (8.8800)
Epoch:[2442][ 6/18]	Time 1.93 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9324 (8.8875)
Epoch:[2442][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7396 (8.8690)
Epoch:[2442][ 8/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7743 (8.8585)
Epoch:[2442][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0042 (8.8730)
Epoch:[2442][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6416 (8.9429)
Epoch:[2442][11/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7272 (8.9249)
Epoch:[2442][12/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0857 (8.9373)
Epoch:[2442][13/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7531 (8.9241)
Epoch:[2442][14/18]	Time 1.64 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0929 (8.9354)
Epoch:[2442][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7125 (8.9215)
Epoch:[2442][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7541 (8.9116)
Epoch:[2442][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5969 (8.8941)
epoch 2442 finished, takes 32.920165061950684 seconds
Epoch:[2443][ 0/18]	Time 2.10 (2.10)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8235 (8.8235)
Epoch:[2443][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9593 (8.8914)
Epoch:[2443][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8557 (8.8795)
Epoch:[2443][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2373 (8.9690)
Epoch:[2443][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1204 (8.9993)
Epoch:[2443][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7700 (8.9611)
Epoch:[2443][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2813 (9.0068)
Epoch:[2443][ 7/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9340 (8.9977)
Epoch:[2443][ 8/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6252 (8.9563)
Epoch:[2443][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9163 (8.9523)
Epoch:[2443][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3443 (8.9880)
Epoch:[2443][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9782 (8.9871)
Epoch:[2443][12/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1256 (8.9978)
Epoch:[2443][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6705 (8.9744)
Epoch:[2443][14/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2148 (8.9904)
Epoch:[2443][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2476 (9.0065)
Epoch:[2443][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9615 (9.0039)
Epoch:[2443][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0429 (9.0060)
epoch 2443 finished, takes 34.10047388076782 seconds
Epoch:[2444][ 0/18]	Time 1.57 (1.57)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6129 (8.6129)
Epoch:[2444][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9295 (8.7712)
Epoch:[2444][ 2/18]	Time 2.35 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9781 (8.8402)
Epoch:[2444][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9185 (8.8597)
Epoch:[2444][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9494 (8.8777)
Epoch:[2444][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7958 (8.8640)
Epoch:[2444][ 6/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6854 (8.8385)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5590294107908603  precision:  0.6079270994705835  f1:  0.5036871433557958 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.1295505 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742807932037229  precision:  0.7642640971919643  f1:  0.7448029977016376 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033172788974834  precision:  0.7035916266181794  f1:  0.68962809415196 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2444][ 7/18]	Time 12.82 (3.21)	Data 10.77 (1.35)	Loss 8.9970 (8.8583)
Epoch:[2444][ 8/18]	Time 2.00 (3.07)	Data 0.00 (1.20)	Loss 9.5354 (8.9336)
Epoch:[2444][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (2.95)	Data 0.00 (1.08)	Loss 8.8645 (8.9266)
Epoch:[2444][10/18]	Time 1.91 (2.85)	Data 0.00 (0.98)	Loss 9.5588 (8.9841)
Epoch:[2444][11/18]	Time 1.61 (2.75)	Data 0.00 (0.90)	Loss 8.8379 (8.9719)
Epoch:[2444][12/18]	Time 1.95 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.83)	Loss 8.6272 (8.9454)
Epoch:[2444][13/18]	Time 1.67 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.77)	Loss 8.6538 (8.9246)
Epoch:[2444][14/18]	Time 1.83 (2.56)	Data 0.00 (0.72)	Loss 8.5066 (8.8967)
Epoch:[2444][15/18]	Time 1.93 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.67)	Loss 9.2834 (8.9209)
Epoch:[2444][16/18]	Time 1.79 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.63)	Loss 8.9863 (8.9247)
Epoch:[2444][17/18]	Time 2.06 (2.46)	Data 0.00 (0.60)	Loss 8.5933 (8.9063)
epoch 2444 finished, takes 44.21171283721924 seconds
Epoch:[2445][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9482 (8.9482)
Epoch:[2445][ 1/18]	Time 1.72 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8272 (8.8877)
Epoch:[2445][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0208 (8.9320)
Epoch:[2445][ 3/18]	Time 2.00 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3718 (9.0420)
Epoch:[2445][ 4/18]	Time 2.19 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8126 (8.9961)
Epoch:[2445][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9391 (8.9866)
Epoch:[2445][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9265 (8.9780)
Epoch:[2445][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0463 (8.9866)
Epoch:[2445][ 8/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1525 (9.0050)
Epoch:[2445][ 9/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2479 (8.9293)
Epoch:[2445][10/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7394 (8.9120)
Epoch:[2445][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7395 (8.8976)
Epoch:[2445][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8448 (8.8936)
Epoch:[2445][13/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9072 (8.8946)
Epoch:[2445][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9932 (8.9011)
Epoch:[2445][15/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6762 (8.8871)
Epoch:[2445][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6899 (8.8755)
Epoch:[2445][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4184 (8.9056)
epoch 2445 finished, takes 33.579081296920776 seconds
Epoch:[2446][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8682 (8.8682)
Epoch:[2446][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6146 (8.7414)
Epoch:[2446][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6537 (8.7122)
Epoch:[2446][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.8248 (8.9903)
Epoch:[2446][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2665 (9.0455)
Epoch:[2446][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7280 (8.9926)
Epoch:[2446][ 6/18]	Time 2.21 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6635 (8.9456)
Epoch:[2446][ 7/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2718 (8.9864)
Epoch:[2446][ 8/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8017 (8.9659)
Epoch:[2446][ 9/18]	Time 1.63 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7213 (8.9414)
Epoch:[2446][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1448 (8.9599)
Epoch:[2446][11/18]	Time 2.26 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7503 (8.9424)
Epoch:[2446][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9763 (8.9450)
Epoch:[2446][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8781 (8.9403)
Epoch:[2446][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7658 (8.9286)
Epoch:[2446][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2280 (8.9473)
Epoch:[2446][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4510 (8.9770)
Epoch:[2446][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8717 (8.9711)
epoch 2446 finished, takes 33.885905265808105 seconds
Epoch:[2447][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1378 (9.1378)
Epoch:[2447][ 1/18]	Time 1.76 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0499 (9.0938)
Epoch:[2447][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0895 (9.0924)
Epoch:[2447][ 3/18]	Time 2.14 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5234 (8.9502)
Epoch:[2447][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6547 (8.8911)
Epoch:[2447][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8396 (8.8825)
Epoch:[2447][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2518 (8.9352)
Epoch:[2447][ 7/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8774 (8.9280)
Epoch:[2447][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7374 (8.9068)
Epoch:[2447][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3971 (8.8559)
Epoch:[2447][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0009 (8.8690)
Epoch:[2447][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9496 (8.8758)
Epoch:[2447][12/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1532 (8.8971)
Epoch:[2447][13/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7022 (8.8832)
Epoch:[2447][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2554 (8.9080)
Epoch:[2447][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4698 (8.9431)
Epoch:[2447][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0314 (8.9483)
Epoch:[2447][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5915 (8.9285)
epoch 2447 finished, takes 33.548474073410034 seconds
Epoch:[2448][ 0/18]	Time 1.99 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8632 (8.8632)
Epoch:[2448][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2483 (8.5557)
Epoch:[2448][ 2/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8343 (8.6486)
Epoch:[2448][ 3/18]	Time 1.72 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6161 (8.6405)
Epoch:[2448][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6644 (8.6453)
Epoch:[2448][ 5/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4486 (8.6125)
Epoch:[2448][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4597 (8.7335)
Epoch:[2448][ 7/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6752 (8.7262)
Epoch:[2448][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7175 (8.7253)
Epoch:[2448][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6051 (8.7132)
Epoch:[2448][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1926 (8.7568)
Epoch:[2448][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9280 (8.7711)
Epoch:[2448][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9016 (8.7811)
Epoch:[2448][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6974 (8.7751)
Epoch:[2448][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7092 (8.7707)
Epoch:[2448][15/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.1648 (8.7329)
Epoch:[2448][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4885 (8.7185)
Epoch:[2448][17/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0239 (8.7355)
epoch 2448 finished, takes 33.512253284454346 seconds
Epoch:[2449][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6643 (8.6643)
Epoch:[2449][ 1/18]	Time 2.00 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9627 (8.8135)
Epoch:[2449][ 2/18]	Time 2.21 (2.05)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2140 (8.9470)
Epoch:[2449][ 3/18]	Time 1.89 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3103 (9.0378)
Epoch:[2449][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7800 (8.9863)
Epoch:[2449][ 5/18]	Time 1.82 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9641 (8.9826)
Epoch:[2449][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0191 (8.9878)
Epoch:[2449][ 7/18]	Time 2.20 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8641 (8.9723)
Epoch:[2449][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0455 (8.9805)
Epoch:[2449][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0895 (8.9914)
Epoch:[2449][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6455 (8.9599)
Epoch:[2449][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5945 (8.9295)
Epoch:[2449][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9481 (8.9309)
Epoch:[2449][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5946 (8.9069)
Epoch:[2449][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4119 (8.8739)
Epoch:[2449][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7039 (8.8633)
Epoch:[2449][16/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6453 (8.8504)
Epoch:[2449][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4567 (8.8286)
epoch 2449 finished, takes 34.64697480201721 seconds
Epoch:[2450][ 0/18]	Time 1.70 (1.70)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8273 (8.8273)
Epoch:[2450][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8849 (8.8561)
Epoch:[2450][ 2/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9875 (8.8999)
Epoch:[2450][ 3/18]	Time 1.55 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0265 (8.9315)
Epoch:[2450][ 4/18]	Time 2.15 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8117 (8.9076)
Epoch:[2450][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8984 (8.9060)
Epoch:[2450][ 6/18]	Time 1.54 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4105 (8.8352)
Epoch:[2450][ 7/18]	Time 1.77 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6350 (8.8102)
Epoch:[2450][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9051 (8.8208)
Epoch:[2450][ 9/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9720 (8.8359)
Epoch:[2450][10/18]	Time 1.67 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7075 (8.8242)
Epoch:[2450][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8019 (8.8224)
Epoch:[2450][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1798 (8.8498)
Epoch:[2450][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9528 (8.8572)
Epoch:[2450][14/18]	Time 1.96 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3675 (8.8912)
Epoch:[2450][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6932 (8.8788)
Epoch:[2450][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3424 (8.9061)
Epoch:[2450][17/18]	Time 1.70 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7939 (8.8999)
epoch 2450 finished, takes 33.08428382873535 seconds
Epoch:[2451][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7084 (8.7084)
Epoch:[2451][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1429 (8.9257)
Epoch:[2451][ 2/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8334 (8.8949)
Epoch:[2451][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1936 (8.9696)
Epoch:[2451][ 4/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5886 (8.8934)
Epoch:[2451][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2696 (8.9561)
Epoch:[2451][ 6/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1941 (8.9901)
Epoch:[2451][ 7/18]	Time 1.60 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6047 (8.9419)
Epoch:[2451][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9158 (8.9390)
Epoch:[2451][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9355 (8.9387)
Epoch:[2451][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9859 (8.9430)
Epoch:[2451][11/18]	Time 2.19 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0779 (8.9542)
Epoch:[2451][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0582 (8.9622)
Epoch:[2451][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8246 (8.9524)
Epoch:[2451][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9491 (8.9522)
Epoch:[2451][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9015 (8.9490)
Epoch:[2451][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9325 (8.9480)
Epoch:[2451][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5692 (8.9270)
epoch 2451 finished, takes 33.73029136657715 seconds
Epoch:[2452][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8612 (8.8612)
Epoch:[2452][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2426 (9.0519)
Epoch:[2452][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0858 (9.0632)
Epoch:[2452][ 3/18]	Time 2.32 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4838 (9.1683)
Epoch:[2452][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5236 (9.0394)
Epoch:[2452][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0601 (9.0428)
Epoch:[2452][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9068 (9.0234)
Epoch:[2452][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8088 (8.9966)
Epoch:[2452][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8410 (8.9793)
Epoch:[2452][ 9/18]	Time 1.72 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7164 (8.9530)
Epoch:[2452][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0451 (8.9614)
Epoch:[2452][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6065 (8.9318)
Epoch:[2452][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7419 (8.9172)
Epoch:[2452][13/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7206 (8.9032)
Epoch:[2452][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6518 (8.8864)
Epoch:[2452][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1433 (8.9024)
Epoch:[2452][16/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0071 (8.9086)
Epoch:[2452][17/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3551 (8.8779)
epoch 2452 finished, takes 33.61818027496338 seconds
Epoch:[2453][ 0/18]	Time 2.00 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6658 (8.6658)
Epoch:[2453][ 1/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5489 (8.6073)
Epoch:[2453][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9681 (8.7276)
Epoch:[2453][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6827 (8.7164)
Epoch:[2453][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8209 (8.7373)
Epoch:[2453][ 5/18]	Time 2.22 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6340 (8.8867)
Epoch:[2453][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9164 (8.8910)
Epoch:[2453][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1103 (8.9184)
Epoch:[2453][ 8/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1184 (8.9406)
Epoch:[2453][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9291 (8.9394)
Epoch:[2453][10/18]	Time 2.26 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7587 (8.9230)
Epoch:[2453][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9655 (8.9265)
Epoch:[2453][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8731 (8.9224)
Epoch:[2453][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5966 (8.8992)
Epoch:[2453][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7233 (8.8874)
Epoch:[2453][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2393 (8.9094)
Epoch:[2453][16/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5454 (8.8880)
Epoch:[2453][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9436 (8.8911)
epoch 2453 finished, takes 33.45513439178467 seconds
Epoch:[2454][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7352 (8.7352)
Epoch:[2454][ 1/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8106 (8.7729)
Epoch:[2454][ 2/18]	Time 2.16 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4324 (8.9928)
Epoch:[2454][ 3/18]	Time 2.06 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4845 (8.8657)
Epoch:[2454][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0325 (8.8991)
Epoch:[2454][ 5/18]	Time 1.99 (1.96)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0257 (8.9202)
Epoch:[2454][ 6/18]	Time 2.08 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9693 (8.9272)
Epoch:[2454][ 7/18]	Time 2.10 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8865 (8.9221)
Epoch:[2454][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9876 (8.9294)
Epoch:[2454][ 9/18]	Time 1.98 (1.98)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8207 (8.9185)
Epoch:[2454][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8472 (8.9120)
Epoch:[2454][11/18]	Time 1.74 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8386 (8.9059)
Epoch:[2454][12/18]	Time 1.90 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7953 (8.8974)
Epoch:[2454][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3072 (8.8552)
Epoch:[2454][14/18]	Time 1.77 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6830 (8.8438)
Epoch:[2454][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0591 (8.8572)
Epoch:[2454][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2903 (8.8827)
Epoch:[2454][17/18]	Time 2.15 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7413 (8.8748)
epoch 2454 finished, takes 34.685285806655884 seconds
Epoch:[2455][ 0/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8640 (8.8640)
Epoch:[2455][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5756 (8.7198)
Epoch:[2455][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6760 (8.7052)
Epoch:[2455][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1773 (8.8232)
Epoch:[2455][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6750 (8.7936)
Epoch:[2455][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8847 (8.8088)
Epoch:[2455][ 6/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7177 (8.7957)
Epoch:[2455][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9094 (8.8100)
Epoch:[2455][ 8/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1697 (8.8499)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5590294107908603  precision:  0.6079270994705835  f1:  0.5036871433557958 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.1295505 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742807932037229  precision:  0.7642640971919643  f1:  0.7448029977016376 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033172788974834  precision:  0.7035921278235765  f1:  0.6896602001725167 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2455][ 9/18]	Time 12.28 (2.86)	Data 10.28 (1.03)	Loss 9.4584 (8.9108)
Epoch:[2455][10/18]	Time 1.83 (2.77)	Data 0.00 (0.94)	Loss 8.6052 (8.8830)
Epoch:[2455][11/18]	Time 1.84 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.86)	Loss 9.0334 (8.8955)
Epoch:[2455][12/18]	Time 1.90 (2.63)	Data 0.00 (0.79)	Loss 8.4667 (8.8625)
Epoch:[2455][13/18]	Time 1.96 (2.58)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 9.5106 (8.9088)
Epoch:[2455][14/18]	Time 1.87 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 8.6892 (8.8942)
Epoch:[2455][15/18]	Time 1.76 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.64)	Loss 9.2020 (8.9134)
Epoch:[2455][16/18]	Time 1.82 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 8.7480 (8.9037)
Epoch:[2455][17/18]	Time 1.83 (2.41)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 8.6670 (8.8905)
epoch 2455 finished, takes 43.403706550598145 seconds
Epoch:[2456][ 0/18]	Time 1.76 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8113 (8.8113)
Epoch:[2456][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1778 (8.9946)
Epoch:[2456][ 2/18]	Time 1.77 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0538 (9.0143)
Epoch:[2456][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9881 (9.0078)
Epoch:[2456][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8508 (8.9764)
Epoch:[2456][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7983 (8.9467)
Epoch:[2456][ 6/18]	Time 1.94 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3899 (9.0100)
Epoch:[2456][ 7/18]	Time 1.94 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5181 (9.0735)
Epoch:[2456][ 8/18]	Time 1.59 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7699 (9.0398)
Epoch:[2456][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8143 (9.0172)
Epoch:[2456][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5164 (8.9717)
Epoch:[2456][11/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9187 (8.9673)
Epoch:[2456][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2210 (8.9868)
Epoch:[2456][13/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8382 (8.9762)
Epoch:[2456][14/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7024 (8.9579)
Epoch:[2456][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7606 (8.9456)
Epoch:[2456][16/18]	Time 2.25 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3742 (8.9120)
Epoch:[2456][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4549 (8.9421)
epoch 2456 finished, takes 33.32544302940369 seconds
Epoch:[2457][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6312 (8.6312)
Epoch:[2457][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9674 (8.7993)
Epoch:[2457][ 2/18]	Time 1.92 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9484 (8.8490)
Epoch:[2457][ 3/18]	Time 2.12 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7530 (8.8250)
Epoch:[2457][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5764 (8.7753)
Epoch:[2457][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5583 (8.7391)
Epoch:[2457][ 6/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4774 (8.7017)
Epoch:[2457][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5726 (8.6856)
Epoch:[2457][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4417 (8.6585)
Epoch:[2457][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8171 (8.6743)
Epoch:[2457][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8327 (8.6887)
Epoch:[2457][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7872 (8.6969)
Epoch:[2457][12/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0118 (8.7212)
Epoch:[2457][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9272 (8.7359)
Epoch:[2457][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8956 (8.7465)
Epoch:[2457][15/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3045 (8.7814)
Epoch:[2457][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8487 (8.7854)
Epoch:[2457][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5900 (8.7745)
epoch 2457 finished, takes 33.55604863166809 seconds
Epoch:[2458][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0484 (9.0484)
Epoch:[2458][ 1/18]	Time 1.77 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7312 (8.8898)
Epoch:[2458][ 2/18]	Time 1.67 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0626 (8.9474)
Epoch:[2458][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6811 (8.8808)
Epoch:[2458][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6699 (8.8386)
Epoch:[2458][ 5/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9973 (8.8651)
Epoch:[2458][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8783 (8.8670)
Epoch:[2458][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6187 (8.8359)
Epoch:[2458][ 8/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5957 (8.8092)
Epoch:[2458][ 9/18]	Time 1.90 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8969 (8.8180)
Epoch:[2458][10/18]	Time 2.20 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6626 (8.8039)
Epoch:[2458][11/18]	Time 1.70 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9021 (8.8121)
Epoch:[2458][12/18]	Time 1.97 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6908 (8.8027)
Epoch:[2458][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9453 (8.8129)
Epoch:[2458][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5253 (8.7937)
Epoch:[2458][15/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1526 (8.8162)
Epoch:[2458][16/18]	Time 2.00 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5611 (8.8600)
Epoch:[2458][17/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0722 (8.8718)
epoch 2458 finished, takes 33.81019926071167 seconds
Epoch:[2459][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0598 (9.0598)
Epoch:[2459][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6820 (8.8709)
Epoch:[2459][ 2/18]	Time 2.15 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1699 (8.9706)
Epoch:[2459][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0910 (9.0007)
Epoch:[2459][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4544 (8.8914)
Epoch:[2459][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0414 (8.9164)
Epoch:[2459][ 6/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5826 (8.8687)
Epoch:[2459][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0716 (8.8941)
Epoch:[2459][ 8/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8044 (8.8841)
Epoch:[2459][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9029 (8.8860)
Epoch:[2459][10/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3089 (8.9244)
Epoch:[2459][11/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9443 (8.9261)
Epoch:[2459][12/18]	Time 2.06 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5723 (8.8989)
Epoch:[2459][13/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9222 (8.9005)
Epoch:[2459][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6030 (8.8807)
Epoch:[2459][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7928 (8.8752)
Epoch:[2459][16/18]	Time 1.87 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0744 (8.8869)
Epoch:[2459][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5856 (8.8702)
epoch 2459 finished, takes 33.389986753463745 seconds
Epoch:[2460][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1259 (9.1259)
Epoch:[2460][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3548 (9.2403)
Epoch:[2460][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7525 (9.0777)
Epoch:[2460][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6179 (8.9628)
Epoch:[2460][ 4/18]	Time 2.11 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4448 (8.8592)
Epoch:[2460][ 5/18]	Time 1.51 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9489 (8.8741)
Epoch:[2460][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7242 (8.8527)
Epoch:[2460][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1778 (8.8934)
Epoch:[2460][ 8/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1905 (8.9264)
Epoch:[2460][ 9/18]	Time 2.18 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5210 (8.8858)
Epoch:[2460][10/18]	Time 1.64 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6487 (8.8643)
Epoch:[2460][11/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9165 (8.8686)
Epoch:[2460][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7198 (8.8572)
Epoch:[2460][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0846 (8.8734)
Epoch:[2460][14/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9168 (8.8763)
Epoch:[2460][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1211 (8.8916)
Epoch:[2460][16/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9579 (8.8955)
Epoch:[2460][17/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7489 (8.8874)
epoch 2460 finished, takes 33.63322901725769 seconds
Epoch:[2461][ 0/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4379 (8.4379)
Epoch:[2461][ 1/18]	Time 1.95 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6972 (8.5676)
Epoch:[2461][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8569 (8.6640)
Epoch:[2461][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4777 (8.6174)
Epoch:[2461][ 4/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0818 (8.7103)
Epoch:[2461][ 5/18]	Time 1.79 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6907 (8.7070)
Epoch:[2461][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0045 (8.7495)
Epoch:[2461][ 7/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4488 (8.8369)
Epoch:[2461][ 8/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9284 (8.8471)
Epoch:[2461][ 9/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7804 (8.8404)
Epoch:[2461][10/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0441 (8.8589)
Epoch:[2461][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8761 (8.8604)
Epoch:[2461][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7499 (8.9288)
Epoch:[2461][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7236 (8.9141)
Epoch:[2461][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7618 (8.9040)
Epoch:[2461][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3015 (8.9288)
Epoch:[2461][16/18]	Time 2.07 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7029 (8.9155)
Epoch:[2461][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2244 (8.9327)
epoch 2461 finished, takes 33.53697896003723 seconds
Epoch:[2462][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8276 (8.8276)
Epoch:[2462][ 1/18]	Time 1.68 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7781 (8.8029)
Epoch:[2462][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6942 (8.7667)
Epoch:[2462][ 3/18]	Time 2.03 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4801 (8.6950)
Epoch:[2462][ 4/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5026 (8.6565)
Epoch:[2462][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6859 (8.6614)
Epoch:[2462][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3888 (8.7653)
Epoch:[2462][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6326 (8.7487)
Epoch:[2462][ 8/18]	Time 2.16 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1513 (8.7935)
Epoch:[2462][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9794 (8.8121)
Epoch:[2462][10/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2765 (8.8543)
Epoch:[2462][11/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4918 (8.8241)
Epoch:[2462][12/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6543 (8.8110)
Epoch:[2462][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5992 (8.7959)
Epoch:[2462][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0621 (8.8136)
Epoch:[2462][15/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5410 (8.7966)
Epoch:[2462][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8936 (8.8023)
Epoch:[2462][17/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9224 (8.8090)
epoch 2462 finished, takes 33.2926549911499 seconds
Epoch:[2463][ 0/18]	Time 2.15 (2.15)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7483 (8.7483)
Epoch:[2463][ 1/18]	Time 1.92 (2.03)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7748 (8.7616)
Epoch:[2463][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0202 (8.8478)
Epoch:[2463][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6582 (8.8004)
Epoch:[2463][ 4/18]	Time 1.71 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7585 (8.7920)
Epoch:[2463][ 5/18]	Time 1.97 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1534 (8.8522)
Epoch:[2463][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8008 (8.8449)
Epoch:[2463][ 7/18]	Time 1.71 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1703 (8.8856)
Epoch:[2463][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8076 (8.8769)
Epoch:[2463][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2043 (8.9096)
Epoch:[2463][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5046 (8.8728)
Epoch:[2463][11/18]	Time 2.01 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9290 (8.8775)
Epoch:[2463][12/18]	Time 1.66 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9815 (8.8855)
Epoch:[2463][13/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6258 (8.8669)
Epoch:[2463][14/18]	Time 1.65 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8979 (8.8690)
Epoch:[2463][15/18]	Time 2.20 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0181 (8.8783)
Epoch:[2463][16/18]	Time 1.59 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3399 (8.8467)
Epoch:[2463][17/18]	Time 2.00 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6514 (8.8358)
epoch 2463 finished, takes 33.35887885093689 seconds
Epoch:[2464][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7019 (8.7019)
Epoch:[2464][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5021 (8.6020)
Epoch:[2464][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0834 (8.7625)
Epoch:[2464][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6263 (8.7285)
Epoch:[2464][ 4/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9090 (8.7646)
Epoch:[2464][ 5/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0989 (8.8203)
Epoch:[2464][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8563 (8.8254)
Epoch:[2464][ 7/18]	Time 2.08 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9989 (8.8471)
Epoch:[2464][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8507 (8.8475)
Epoch:[2464][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9213 (8.8549)
Epoch:[2464][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7843 (8.8485)
Epoch:[2464][11/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9224 (8.8546)
Epoch:[2464][12/18]	Time 2.09 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4563 (8.8240)
Epoch:[2464][13/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3327 (8.7889)
Epoch:[2464][14/18]	Time 2.07 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9125 (8.7971)
Epoch:[2464][15/18]	Time 2.17 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8427 (8.8000)
Epoch:[2464][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6972 (8.8528)
Epoch:[2464][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9142 (8.8562)
epoch 2464 finished, takes 34.70116877555847 seconds
Epoch:[2465][ 0/18]	Time 1.75 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9451 (8.9451)
Epoch:[2465][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1319 (9.0385)
Epoch:[2465][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1351 (9.0707)
Epoch:[2465][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8276 (9.0099)
Epoch:[2465][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9745 (9.0029)
Epoch:[2465][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1961 (9.0351)
Epoch:[2465][ 6/18]	Time 1.69 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7857 (8.9994)
Epoch:[2465][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2872 (9.0354)
Epoch:[2465][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8709 (9.0171)
Epoch:[2465][ 9/18]	Time 2.31 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4643 (8.9619)
Epoch:[2465][10/18]	Time 1.74 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0364 (8.9686)
Epoch:[2465][11/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8467 (8.9585)
Epoch:[2465][12/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0444 (8.9651)
Epoch:[2465][13/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7785 (8.9518)
Epoch:[2465][14/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0721 (8.9598)
Epoch:[2465][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0632 (8.9662)
Epoch:[2465][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8102 (8.9571)
Epoch:[2465][17/18]	Time 1.74 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2019 (8.9707)
epoch 2465 finished, takes 33.64977979660034 seconds
Epoch:[2466][ 0/18]	Time 1.72 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0103 (9.0103)
Epoch:[2466][ 1/18]	Time 1.89 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9333 (8.9718)
Epoch:[2466][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2101 (9.0512)
Epoch:[2466][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8632 (9.0042)
Epoch:[2466][ 4/18]	Time 2.05 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6369 (8.9308)
Epoch:[2466][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5359 (8.8649)
Epoch:[2466][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0935 (8.8976)
Epoch:[2466][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5928 (8.8595)
Epoch:[2466][ 8/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7200 (8.8440)
Epoch:[2466][ 9/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9772 (8.8573)
Epoch:[2466][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6876 (8.8419)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5590294107908603  precision:  0.6079270994705835  f1:  0.5036871433557958 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.1295505 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742807932037229  precision:  0.7642640971919643  f1:  0.7448029977016376 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033172788974834  precision:  0.7035921278235765  f1:  0.6896602001725167 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2466][11/18]	Time 12.43 (2.75)	Data 10.42 (0.87)	Loss 8.5957 (8.8214)
Epoch:[2466][12/18]	Time 1.97 (2.69)	Data 0.00 (0.80)	Loss 8.4311 (8.7913)
Epoch:[2466][13/18]	Time 1.66 (2.61)	Data 0.00 (0.74)	Loss 8.9431 (8.8022)
Epoch:[2466][14/18]	Time 1.94 (2.57)	Data 0.00 (0.70)	Loss 8.6279 (8.7906)
Epoch:[2466][15/18]	Time 1.82 (2.52)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 8.9614 (8.8012)
Epoch:[2466][16/18]	Time 1.87 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 8.9086 (8.8076)
Epoch:[2466][17/18]	Time 1.73 (2.44)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 9.0231 (8.8195)
epoch 2466 finished, takes 43.96820783615112 seconds
Epoch:[2467][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3542 (9.3542)
Epoch:[2467][ 1/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5575 (8.9558)
Epoch:[2467][ 2/18]	Time 1.65 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5017 (8.8045)
Epoch:[2467][ 3/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4918 (8.7263)
Epoch:[2467][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0306 (8.7872)
Epoch:[2467][ 5/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9655 (8.8169)
Epoch:[2467][ 6/18]	Time 1.73 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8732 (8.8249)
Epoch:[2467][ 7/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2161 (8.8738)
Epoch:[2467][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4889 (8.9422)
Epoch:[2467][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9277 (8.9407)
Epoch:[2467][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8873 (8.9359)
Epoch:[2467][11/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8330 (8.9273)
Epoch:[2467][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0073 (8.9334)
Epoch:[2467][13/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0273 (8.9402)
Epoch:[2467][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8873 (8.9366)
Epoch:[2467][15/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1490 (8.9499)
Epoch:[2467][16/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8243 (8.9425)
Epoch:[2467][17/18]	Time 1.67 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6522 (8.9264)
epoch 2467 finished, takes 33.58150053024292 seconds
Epoch:[2468][ 0/18]	Time 2.22 (2.22)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3367 (9.3367)
Epoch:[2468][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (2.06)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7791 (9.0579)
Epoch:[2468][ 2/18]	Time 1.75 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5745 (8.8967)
Epoch:[2468][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7647 (8.8637)
Epoch:[2468][ 4/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4261 (8.9762)
Epoch:[2468][ 5/18]	Time 2.20 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0830 (8.9940)
Epoch:[2468][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9273 (8.9845)
Epoch:[2468][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3745 (8.9082)
Epoch:[2468][ 8/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4668 (8.9703)
Epoch:[2468][ 9/18]	Time 1.92 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8729 (8.9606)
Epoch:[2468][10/18]	Time 2.16 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3840 (8.9991)
Epoch:[2468][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7587 (8.9790)
Epoch:[2468][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6222 (8.9516)
Epoch:[2468][13/18]	Time 2.00 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0101 (8.9558)
Epoch:[2468][14/18]	Time 1.61 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5324 (8.9275)
Epoch:[2468][15/18]	Time 1.88 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7030 (8.9135)
Epoch:[2468][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8704 (8.9110)
Epoch:[2468][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3177 (8.8780)
epoch 2468 finished, takes 34.19623517990112 seconds
Epoch:[2469][ 0/18]	Time 1.73 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8910 (8.8910)
Epoch:[2469][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9241 (8.9075)
Epoch:[2469][ 2/18]	Time 2.03 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1757 (8.9969)
Epoch:[2469][ 3/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9438 (8.9836)
Epoch:[2469][ 4/18]	Time 1.69 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6411 (8.9151)
Epoch:[2469][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8279 (8.9006)
Epoch:[2469][ 6/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8014 (8.8864)
Epoch:[2469][ 7/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9016 (8.8883)
Epoch:[2469][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8339 (8.8823)
Epoch:[2469][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1059 (8.9046)
Epoch:[2469][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5022 (8.8681)
Epoch:[2469][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7341 (8.8569)
Epoch:[2469][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9245 (8.8621)
Epoch:[2469][13/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6325 (8.8457)
Epoch:[2469][14/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7518 (8.8394)
Epoch:[2469][15/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8274 (8.8387)
Epoch:[2469][16/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0263 (8.8497)
Epoch:[2469][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9558 (8.8556)
epoch 2469 finished, takes 33.71167778968811 seconds
Epoch:[2470][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7071 (8.7071)
Epoch:[2470][ 1/18]	Time 2.13 (2.04)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3753 (9.0412)
Epoch:[2470][ 2/18]	Time 1.88 (1.99)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9524 (9.0116)
Epoch:[2470][ 3/18]	Time 1.82 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1844 (9.0548)
Epoch:[2470][ 4/18]	Time 1.87 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6510 (8.9740)
Epoch:[2470][ 5/18]	Time 2.02 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0228 (8.9822)
Epoch:[2470][ 6/18]	Time 1.74 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0011 (8.9849)
Epoch:[2470][ 7/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6404 (8.9418)
Epoch:[2470][ 8/18]	Time 1.73 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1366 (8.9635)
Epoch:[2470][ 9/18]	Time 2.17 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4751 (8.9146)
Epoch:[2470][10/18]	Time 1.86 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4333 (8.9618)
Epoch:[2470][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9483 (8.9606)
Epoch:[2470][12/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3101 (8.9875)
Epoch:[2470][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8672 (8.9789)
Epoch:[2470][14/18]	Time 2.06 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7184 (8.9616)
Epoch:[2470][15/18]	Time 1.93 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8657 (8.9556)
Epoch:[2470][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7269 (8.9421)
Epoch:[2470][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6386 (8.9253)
epoch 2470 finished, takes 34.25462746620178 seconds
Epoch:[2471][ 0/18]	Time 1.61 (1.61)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3783 (8.3783)
Epoch:[2471][ 1/18]	Time 2.21 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2032 (8.7908)
Epoch:[2471][ 2/18]	Time 1.93 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1705 (8.9174)
Epoch:[2471][ 3/18]	Time 1.67 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0277 (8.9449)
Epoch:[2471][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4559 (9.0471)
Epoch:[2471][ 5/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5319 (8.9613)
Epoch:[2471][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7394 (8.9296)
Epoch:[2471][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2138 (8.9651)
Epoch:[2471][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2498 (8.9967)
Epoch:[2471][ 9/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4954 (8.9466)
Epoch:[2471][10/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7435 (8.9281)
Epoch:[2471][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7045 (8.9095)
Epoch:[2471][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9585 (8.9133)
Epoch:[2471][13/18]	Time 1.59 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9065 (8.9128)
Epoch:[2471][14/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2101 (8.9326)
Epoch:[2471][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0831 (8.9420)
Epoch:[2471][16/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7055 (8.9281)
Epoch:[2471][17/18]	Time 2.06 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8678 (8.9248)
epoch 2471 finished, takes 33.83927392959595 seconds
Epoch:[2472][ 0/18]	Time 1.65 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8586 (8.8586)
Epoch:[2472][ 1/18]	Time 1.96 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9718 (8.9152)
Epoch:[2472][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1963 (9.0089)
Epoch:[2472][ 3/18]	Time 2.12 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2251 (8.8130)
Epoch:[2472][ 4/18]	Time 1.78 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0366 (8.8577)
Epoch:[2472][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1884 (8.9128)
Epoch:[2472][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5737 (8.8644)
Epoch:[2472][ 7/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9434 (8.8742)
Epoch:[2472][ 8/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8342 (8.8698)
Epoch:[2472][ 9/18]	Time 2.06 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7299 (8.8558)
Epoch:[2472][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4240 (8.8166)
Epoch:[2472][11/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0528 (8.8362)
Epoch:[2472][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7310 (8.8281)
Epoch:[2472][13/18]	Time 2.27 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5856 (8.8108)
Epoch:[2472][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2072 (8.8372)
Epoch:[2472][15/18]	Time 2.23 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2747 (8.8021)
Epoch:[2472][16/18]	Time 1.66 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2030 (8.8257)
Epoch:[2472][17/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5910 (8.8126)
epoch 2472 finished, takes 33.936848402023315 seconds
Epoch:[2473][ 0/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3996 (8.3996)
Epoch:[2473][ 1/18]	Time 1.97 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7913 (8.5954)
Epoch:[2473][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7679 (8.6529)
Epoch:[2473][ 3/18]	Time 2.01 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9088 (8.7169)
Epoch:[2473][ 4/18]	Time 1.96 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1190 (8.7973)
Epoch:[2473][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9071 (8.8156)
Epoch:[2473][ 6/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0026 (8.8423)
Epoch:[2473][ 7/18]	Time 1.81 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7233 (8.8274)
Epoch:[2473][ 8/18]	Time 1.58 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6953 (8.8128)
Epoch:[2473][ 9/18]	Time 1.96 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9650 (8.8280)
Epoch:[2473][10/18]	Time 2.06 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9470 (8.8388)
Epoch:[2473][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8886 (8.8430)
Epoch:[2473][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0154 (8.8562)
Epoch:[2473][13/18]	Time 2.10 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8321 (8.8545)
Epoch:[2473][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0576 (8.8680)
Epoch:[2473][15/18]	Time 2.15 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8387 (8.8662)
Epoch:[2473][16/18]	Time 1.89 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9403 (8.8706)
Epoch:[2473][17/18]	Time 1.58 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0903 (8.8828)
epoch 2473 finished, takes 34.141334772109985 seconds
Epoch:[2474][ 0/18]	Time 1.94 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3897 (9.3897)
Epoch:[2474][ 1/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7316 (9.0606)
Epoch:[2474][ 2/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9401 (9.0205)
Epoch:[2474][ 3/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9185 (8.9950)
Epoch:[2474][ 4/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8433 (8.9646)
Epoch:[2474][ 5/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2754 (9.0164)
Epoch:[2474][ 6/18]	Time 1.70 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7360 (8.9764)
Epoch:[2474][ 7/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7721 (8.9508)
Epoch:[2474][ 8/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9665 (8.9526)
Epoch:[2474][ 9/18]	Time 1.99 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7891 (8.9362)
Epoch:[2474][10/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5667 (8.9026)
Epoch:[2474][11/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8208 (8.8958)
Epoch:[2474][12/18]	Time 2.04 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9849 (8.9027)
Epoch:[2474][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5451 (8.8771)
Epoch:[2474][14/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0060 (8.8857)
Epoch:[2474][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0581 (8.8965)
Epoch:[2474][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9846 (8.9017)
Epoch:[2474][17/18]	Time 2.05 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6108 (8.8855)
epoch 2474 finished, takes 33.430105447769165 seconds
Epoch:[2475][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6828 (8.6828)
Epoch:[2475][ 1/18]	Time 1.81 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3061 (8.9945)
Epoch:[2475][ 2/18]	Time 1.73 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2022 (9.0637)
Epoch:[2475][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9148 (9.0265)
Epoch:[2475][ 4/18]	Time 2.23 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7955 (8.9803)
Epoch:[2475][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7280 (8.9382)
Epoch:[2475][ 6/18]	Time 1.64 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5950 (8.8892)
Epoch:[2475][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9236 (8.8935)
Epoch:[2475][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3301 (8.8309)
Epoch:[2475][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8816 (8.8360)
Epoch:[2475][10/18]	Time 1.75 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7895 (8.8317)
Epoch:[2475][11/18]	Time 1.95 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3942 (8.7953)
Epoch:[2475][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4149 (8.7660)
Epoch:[2475][13/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0227 (8.7843)
Epoch:[2475][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9246 (8.7937)
Epoch:[2475][15/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1709 (8.8173)
Epoch:[2475][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0139 (8.8288)
Epoch:[2475][17/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6942 (8.8213)
epoch 2475 finished, takes 33.35401391983032 seconds
Epoch:[2476][ 0/18]	Time 1.68 (1.68)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9558 (8.9558)
Epoch:[2476][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8031 (8.8794)
Epoch:[2476][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8133 (8.8574)
Epoch:[2476][ 3/18]	Time 1.99 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.5144 (9.0216)
Epoch:[2476][ 4/18]	Time 1.60 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8539 (8.9881)
Epoch:[2476][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7694 (8.9516)
Epoch:[2476][ 6/18]	Time 1.87 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9857 (8.9565)
Epoch:[2476][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7843 (8.9350)
Epoch:[2476][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7207 (8.9112)
Epoch:[2476][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3502 (8.8551)
Epoch:[2476][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9510 (8.8638)
Epoch:[2476][11/18]	Time 2.07 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1837 (8.8905)
Epoch:[2476][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9295 (8.8935)
Epoch:[2476][13/18]	Time 1.78 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8869 (8.8930)
Epoch:[2476][14/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7642 (8.8844)
Epoch:[2476][15/18]	Time 1.84 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8175 (8.8802)
Epoch:[2476][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0380 (8.8895)
Epoch:[2476][17/18]	Time 2.07 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3079 (8.8572)
epoch 2476 finished, takes 33.024393796920776 seconds
Epoch:[2477][ 0/18]	Time 1.71 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9237 (8.9237)
Epoch:[2477][ 1/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7844 (8.8541)
Epoch:[2477][ 2/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1185 (8.9422)
Epoch:[2477][ 3/18]	Time 2.18 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2016 (9.0071)
Epoch:[2477][ 4/18]	Time 1.51 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8067 (8.9670)
Epoch:[2477][ 5/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9872 (8.9704)
Epoch:[2477][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8273 (8.9499)
Epoch:[2477][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5470 (8.8996)
Epoch:[2477][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8469 (8.8937)
Epoch:[2477][ 9/18]	Time 1.68 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1405 (8.9184)
Epoch:[2477][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1016 (8.9350)
Epoch:[2477][11/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3479 (8.9694)
Epoch:[2477][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5589 (8.9379)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5590294107908603  precision:  0.6079270994705835  f1:  0.5036871433557958 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.1295505 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742807932037229  precision:  0.7642640971919643  f1:  0.7448029977016376 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033172788974834  precision:  0.7035921278235765  f1:  0.6896602001725167 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2477][13/18]	Time 12.32 (2.59)	Data 10.41 (0.74)	Loss 8.8439 (8.9312)
Epoch:[2477][14/18]	Time 1.73 (2.53)	Data 0.00 (0.69)	Loss 8.7835 (8.9213)
Epoch:[2477][15/18]	Time 1.74 (2.48)	Data 0.00 (0.65)	Loss 8.6637 (8.9052)
Epoch:[2477][16/18]	Time 1.88 (2.45)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 8.5152 (8.8823)
Epoch:[2477][17/18]	Time 1.67 (2.40)	Data 0.00 (0.58)	Loss 8.8614 (8.8811)
epoch 2477 finished, takes 43.262136697769165 seconds
Epoch:[2478][ 0/18]	Time 1.86 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9926 (8.9926)
Epoch:[2478][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5906 (8.7916)
Epoch:[2478][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9558 (8.8463)
Epoch:[2478][ 3/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7428 (8.8204)
Epoch:[2478][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8105 (8.8185)
Epoch:[2478][ 5/18]	Time 2.05 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9284 (8.8368)
Epoch:[2478][ 6/18]	Time 1.85 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3123 (8.9047)
Epoch:[2478][ 7/18]	Time 1.58 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7892 (8.8903)
Epoch:[2478][ 8/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9598 (8.8980)
Epoch:[2478][ 9/18]	Time 1.62 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7824 (8.8864)
Epoch:[2478][10/18]	Time 2.12 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9146 (8.8890)
Epoch:[2478][11/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3289 (8.8423)
Epoch:[2478][12/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0821 (8.8608)
Epoch:[2478][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6421 (8.8451)
Epoch:[2478][14/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9662 (8.8532)
Epoch:[2478][15/18]	Time 2.05 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7057 (8.8440)
Epoch:[2478][16/18]	Time 1.92 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8461 (8.8441)
Epoch:[2478][17/18]	Time 1.83 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8171 (8.8426)
epoch 2478 finished, takes 33.76853346824646 seconds
Epoch:[2479][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5304 (8.5304)
Epoch:[2479][ 1/18]	Time 1.82 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3185 (8.4244)
Epoch:[2479][ 2/18]	Time 2.13 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6519 (8.5003)
Epoch:[2479][ 3/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8606 (8.5903)
Epoch:[2479][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8110 (8.6345)
Epoch:[2479][ 5/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6230 (8.6326)
Epoch:[2479][ 6/18]	Time 1.67 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1041 (8.6999)
Epoch:[2479][ 7/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8431 (8.7178)
Epoch:[2479][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4325 (8.6861)
Epoch:[2479][ 9/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2783 (8.7453)
Epoch:[2479][10/18]	Time 1.69 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9832 (8.7670)
Epoch:[2479][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2731 (8.8091)
Epoch:[2479][12/18]	Time 2.01 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7922 (8.8078)
Epoch:[2479][13/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7348 (8.8026)
Epoch:[2479][14/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1553 (8.8261)
Epoch:[2479][15/18]	Time 1.79 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9603 (8.8345)
Epoch:[2479][16/18]	Time 1.69 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1614 (8.8537)
Epoch:[2479][17/18]	Time 2.11 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4441 (8.8310)
epoch 2479 finished, takes 33.717196226119995 seconds
Epoch:[2480][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8725 (8.8725)
Epoch:[2480][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9999 (8.9362)
Epoch:[2480][ 2/18]	Time 1.91 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7601 (8.8775)
Epoch:[2480][ 3/18]	Time 1.93 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2939 (8.7316)
Epoch:[2480][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5636 (8.6980)
Epoch:[2480][ 5/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8954 (8.7309)
Epoch:[2480][ 6/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7562 (8.7345)
Epoch:[2480][ 7/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7873 (8.7411)
Epoch:[2480][ 8/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7456 (8.7416)
Epoch:[2480][ 9/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4699 (8.7144)
Epoch:[2480][10/18]	Time 2.15 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0814 (8.7478)
Epoch:[2480][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.6760 (8.8251)
Epoch:[2480][12/18]	Time 1.70 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3961 (8.7921)
Epoch:[2480][13/18]	Time 1.93 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2575 (8.8254)
Epoch:[2480][14/18]	Time 1.82 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7678 (8.8215)
Epoch:[2480][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9670 (8.8306)
Epoch:[2480][16/18]	Time 1.58 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1607 (8.8500)
Epoch:[2480][17/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0442 (8.8608)
epoch 2480 finished, takes 33.560516595840454 seconds
Epoch:[2481][ 0/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5940 (8.5940)
Epoch:[2481][ 1/18]	Time 2.02 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2474 (8.9207)
Epoch:[2481][ 2/18]	Time 1.83 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5114 (8.7843)
Epoch:[2481][ 3/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4426 (8.6988)
Epoch:[2481][ 4/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0330 (8.7657)
Epoch:[2481][ 5/18]	Time 1.96 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8818 (8.7850)
Epoch:[2481][ 6/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1364 (8.8352)
Epoch:[2481][ 7/18]	Time 1.91 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8963 (8.8429)
Epoch:[2481][ 8/18]	Time 1.81 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0183 (8.8624)
Epoch:[2481][ 9/18]	Time 1.81 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6348 (8.8396)
Epoch:[2481][10/18]	Time 1.61 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1781 (8.8704)
Epoch:[2481][11/18]	Time 2.09 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3281 (8.9085)
Epoch:[2481][12/18]	Time 1.79 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4280 (8.8716)
Epoch:[2481][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9960 (8.8804)
Epoch:[2481][14/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6522 (8.8652)
Epoch:[2481][15/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1333 (8.8820)
Epoch:[2481][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9463 (8.8858)
Epoch:[2481][17/18]	Time 1.81 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4283 (8.8604)
epoch 2481 finished, takes 33.267717123031616 seconds
Epoch:[2482][ 0/18]	Time 1.80 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6811 (8.6811)
Epoch:[2482][ 1/18]	Time 1.83 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5465 (8.6138)
Epoch:[2482][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9434 (8.7237)
Epoch:[2482][ 3/18]	Time 2.22 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7768 (8.7370)
Epoch:[2482][ 4/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6061 (8.7108)
Epoch:[2482][ 5/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7063 (8.7100)
Epoch:[2482][ 6/18]	Time 1.80 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9816 (8.7488)
Epoch:[2482][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7081 (8.7437)
Epoch:[2482][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9765 (8.7696)
Epoch:[2482][ 9/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5096 (8.7436)
Epoch:[2482][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7556 (8.7447)
Epoch:[2482][11/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9057 (8.7581)
Epoch:[2482][12/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0497 (8.7806)
Epoch:[2482][13/18]	Time 1.73 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7071 (8.7753)
Epoch:[2482][14/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7042 (8.7706)
Epoch:[2482][15/18]	Time 1.57 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3228 (8.7426)
Epoch:[2482][16/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7332 (8.7420)
Epoch:[2482][17/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1266 (8.7634)
epoch 2482 finished, takes 33.24452495574951 seconds
Epoch:[2483][ 0/18]	Time 2.01 (2.01)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9597 (8.9597)
Epoch:[2483][ 1/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0830 (9.0214)
Epoch:[2483][ 2/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0330 (9.0252)
Epoch:[2483][ 3/18]	Time 1.75 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7125 (8.9471)
Epoch:[2483][ 4/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0087 (8.9594)
Epoch:[2483][ 5/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8510 (8.9413)
Epoch:[2483][ 6/18]	Time 1.92 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1703 (8.9740)
Epoch:[2483][ 7/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6950 (8.9391)
Epoch:[2483][ 8/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9356 (8.9387)
Epoch:[2483][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0236 (8.9472)
Epoch:[2483][10/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5373 (8.9100)
Epoch:[2483][11/18]	Time 1.83 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1272 (8.9281)
Epoch:[2483][12/18]	Time 1.69 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8944 (8.9255)
Epoch:[2483][13/18]	Time 1.85 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3265 (8.8827)
Epoch:[2483][14/18]	Time 1.88 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7557 (8.8742)
Epoch:[2483][15/18]	Time 1.97 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5694 (8.8552)
Epoch:[2483][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6555 (8.8434)
Epoch:[2483][17/18]	Time 1.63 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3295 (8.8149)
epoch 2483 finished, takes 33.806626081466675 seconds
Epoch:[2484][ 0/18]	Time 1.81 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9202 (8.9202)
Epoch:[2484][ 1/18]	Time 1.50 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9770 (8.9486)
Epoch:[2484][ 2/18]	Time 1.87 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8117 (8.9030)
Epoch:[2484][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9811 (8.9225)
Epoch:[2484][ 4/18]	Time 1.81 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9549 (8.9290)
Epoch:[2484][ 5/18]	Time 1.73 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3831 (8.8380)
Epoch:[2484][ 6/18]	Time 1.86 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9789 (8.8581)
Epoch:[2484][ 7/18]	Time 2.11 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6259 (8.8291)
Epoch:[2484][ 8/18]	Time 1.72 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9877 (8.8467)
Epoch:[2484][ 9/18]	Time 1.82 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9912 (8.8612)
Epoch:[2484][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8969 (8.8644)
Epoch:[2484][11/18]	Time 1.79 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3401 (8.9041)
Epoch:[2484][12/18]	Time 2.26 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7624 (8.8932)
Epoch:[2484][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8056 (8.8869)
Epoch:[2484][14/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.0528 (8.8313)
Epoch:[2484][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2198 (8.8556)
Epoch:[2484][16/18]	Time 1.94 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7612 (8.8500)
Epoch:[2484][17/18]	Time 2.19 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9002 (8.8528)
epoch 2484 finished, takes 33.66230034828186 seconds
Epoch:[2485][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4130 (9.4130)
Epoch:[2485][ 1/18]	Time 1.62 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9922 (9.2026)
Epoch:[2485][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.69)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0627 (9.1560)
Epoch:[2485][ 3/18]	Time 1.81 (1.72)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9953 (9.1158)
Epoch:[2485][ 4/18]	Time 2.25 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7220 (9.0370)
Epoch:[2485][ 5/18]	Time 1.95 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.1939 (8.8965)
Epoch:[2485][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8337 (8.8876)
Epoch:[2485][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9864 (8.8999)
Epoch:[2485][ 8/18]	Time 1.79 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8633 (8.8958)
Epoch:[2485][ 9/18]	Time 2.12 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5039 (8.8566)
Epoch:[2485][10/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2330 (8.8909)
Epoch:[2485][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6304 (8.8691)
Epoch:[2485][12/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3021 (8.8255)
Epoch:[2485][13/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4657 (8.7998)
Epoch:[2485][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1063 (8.8203)
Epoch:[2485][15/18]	Time 1.99 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9653 (8.8293)
Epoch:[2485][16/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0531 (8.8425)
Epoch:[2485][17/18]	Time 1.65 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5739 (8.8276)
epoch 2485 finished, takes 33.744712829589844 seconds
Epoch:[2486][ 0/18]	Time 1.59 (1.59)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0325 (9.0325)
Epoch:[2486][ 1/18]	Time 2.06 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1447 (9.0886)
Epoch:[2486][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7948 (8.9907)
Epoch:[2486][ 3/18]	Time 1.68 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9616 (8.9834)
Epoch:[2486][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5209 (8.8909)
Epoch:[2486][ 5/18]	Time 2.07 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6184 (8.8455)
Epoch:[2486][ 6/18]	Time 2.28 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8063 (8.8399)
Epoch:[2486][ 7/18]	Time 2.05 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5439 (8.8029)
Epoch:[2486][ 8/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5782 (8.7779)
Epoch:[2486][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9454 (8.7947)
Epoch:[2486][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7351 (8.7893)
Epoch:[2486][11/18]	Time 1.96 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4513 (8.7611)
Epoch:[2486][12/18]	Time 1.71 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8954 (8.7714)
Epoch:[2486][13/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3785 (8.8148)
Epoch:[2486][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8482 (8.8170)
Epoch:[2486][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8240 (8.8175)
Epoch:[2486][16/18]	Time 1.98 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0371 (8.8304)
Epoch:[2486][17/18]	Time 1.97 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8297 (8.8303)
epoch 2486 finished, takes 33.78261113166809 seconds
Epoch:[2487][ 0/18]	Time 1.56 (1.56)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5839 (8.5839)
Epoch:[2487][ 1/18]	Time 1.98 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4268 (8.5053)
Epoch:[2487][ 2/18]	Time 1.98 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7713 (8.5940)
Epoch:[2487][ 3/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2868 (8.7672)
Epoch:[2487][ 4/18]	Time 1.80 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8450 (8.7827)
Epoch:[2487][ 5/18]	Time 1.68 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3766 (8.7151)
Epoch:[2487][ 6/18]	Time 1.77 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6315 (8.7031)
Epoch:[2487][ 7/18]	Time 1.70 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7810 (8.7129)
Epoch:[2487][ 8/18]	Time 2.02 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8911 (8.7327)
Epoch:[2487][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3668 (8.6961)
Epoch:[2487][10/18]	Time 1.82 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6305 (8.6901)
Epoch:[2487][11/18]	Time 1.94 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9000 (8.7076)
Epoch:[2487][12/18]	Time 1.87 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7992 (8.7146)
Epoch:[2487][13/18]	Time 2.16 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8433 (8.7238)
Epoch:[2487][14/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7989 (8.7288)
Epoch:[2487][15/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0880 (8.7513)
Epoch:[2487][16/18]	Time 1.61 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9985 (8.7658)
Epoch:[2487][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1427 (8.7868)
epoch 2487 finished, takes 33.607152462005615 seconds
Epoch:[2488][ 0/18]	Time 2.12 (2.12)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7119 (8.7119)
Epoch:[2488][ 1/18]	Time 1.71 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0155 (8.8637)
Epoch:[2488][ 2/18]	Time 1.82 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6038 (8.7771)
Epoch:[2488][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2041 (8.8838)
Epoch:[2488][ 4/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8026 (8.8676)
Epoch:[2488][ 5/18]	Time 2.25 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7717 (8.8516)
Epoch:[2488][ 6/18]	Time 2.00 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9671 (8.8681)
Epoch:[2488][ 7/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7287 (8.8507)
Epoch:[2488][ 8/18]	Time 1.76 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7586 (8.8404)
Epoch:[2488][ 9/18]	Time 1.86 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1839 (8.8748)
Epoch:[2488][10/18]	Time 1.96 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2905 (8.9126)
Epoch:[2488][11/18]	Time 1.69 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6904 (8.8941)
Epoch:[2488][12/18]	Time 1.76 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7830 (8.8855)
Epoch:[2488][13/18]	Time 2.03 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1503 (8.9044)
Epoch:[2488][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5226 (8.8790)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5590294107908603  precision:  0.6079270994705835  f1:  0.5036871433557958 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.1295505 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742807932037229  precision:  0.7642640971919643  f1:  0.7448029977016376 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033172788974834  precision:  0.7035921278235765  f1:  0.6896602001725167 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2488][15/18]	Time 12.39 (2.55)	Data 10.33 (0.65)	Loss 8.8021 (8.8742)
Epoch:[2488][16/18]	Time 1.75 (2.51)	Data 0.00 (0.61)	Loss 8.5593 (8.8557)
Epoch:[2488][17/18]	Time 1.91 (2.47)	Data 0.00 (0.57)	Loss 8.6298 (8.8431)
epoch 2488 finished, takes 44.53486204147339 seconds
Epoch:[2489][ 0/18]	Time 1.62 (1.62)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8163 (8.8163)
Epoch:[2489][ 1/18]	Time 1.67 (1.64)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3006 (9.0584)
Epoch:[2489][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.71)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2750 (9.1306)
Epoch:[2489][ 3/18]	Time 1.96 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8699 (9.0655)
Epoch:[2489][ 4/18]	Time 1.67 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9145 (9.0353)
Epoch:[2489][ 5/18]	Time 1.64 (1.73)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7948 (8.9952)
Epoch:[2489][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.75)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6464 (8.9454)
Epoch:[2489][ 7/18]	Time 2.04 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8507 (8.9335)
Epoch:[2489][ 8/18]	Time 1.82 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7288 (8.9108)
Epoch:[2489][ 9/18]	Time 1.79 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1103 (8.9307)
Epoch:[2489][10/18]	Time 1.92 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7149 (8.9111)
Epoch:[2489][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6513 (8.8895)
Epoch:[2489][12/18]	Time 1.98 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7856 (8.8815)
Epoch:[2489][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6366 (8.8640)
Epoch:[2489][14/18]	Time 1.66 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3505 (8.8298)
Epoch:[2489][15/18]	Time 1.83 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7879 (8.8271)
Epoch:[2489][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7727 (8.8239)
Epoch:[2489][17/18]	Time 2.24 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5772 (8.8102)
epoch 2489 finished, takes 32.921977281570435 seconds
Epoch:[2490][ 0/18]	Time 1.58 (1.58)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8644 (8.8644)
Epoch:[2490][ 1/18]	Time 1.73 (1.65)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3964 (9.1304)
Epoch:[2490][ 2/18]	Time 1.99 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6311 (8.9640)
Epoch:[2490][ 3/18]	Time 1.84 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8279 (8.9300)
Epoch:[2490][ 4/18]	Time 1.99 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1614 (8.9762)
Epoch:[2490][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4134 (8.8824)
Epoch:[2490][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0898 (8.9121)
Epoch:[2490][ 7/18]	Time 1.76 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8809 (8.9082)
Epoch:[2490][ 8/18]	Time 1.64 (1.80)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9843 (8.9166)
Epoch:[2490][ 9/18]	Time 1.87 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4304 (8.8680)
Epoch:[2490][10/18]	Time 1.94 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2016 (8.8983)
Epoch:[2490][11/18]	Time 1.92 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1365 (8.9182)
Epoch:[2490][12/18]	Time 1.67 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7852 (8.9079)
Epoch:[2490][13/18]	Time 1.83 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7075 (8.8936)
Epoch:[2490][14/18]	Time 1.98 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0230 (8.9022)
Epoch:[2490][15/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7152 (8.8906)
Epoch:[2490][16/18]	Time 1.76 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9446 (8.8937)
Epoch:[2490][17/18]	Time 1.84 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7854 (8.8877)
epoch 2490 finished, takes 32.951287269592285 seconds
Epoch:[2491][ 0/18]	Time 1.63 (1.63)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7685 (8.7685)
Epoch:[2491][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8074 (8.7880)
Epoch:[2491][ 2/18]	Time 1.68 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.7345 (9.1035)
Epoch:[2491][ 3/18]	Time 1.80 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8381 (9.0371)
Epoch:[2491][ 4/18]	Time 2.04 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1031 (9.0503)
Epoch:[2491][ 5/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9917 (9.0406)
Epoch:[2491][ 6/18]	Time 2.09 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9569 (9.0286)
Epoch:[2491][ 7/18]	Time 1.93 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8839 (9.0105)
Epoch:[2491][ 8/18]	Time 1.83 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1905 (9.0305)
Epoch:[2491][ 9/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9930 (9.0268)
Epoch:[2491][10/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5767 (8.9859)
Epoch:[2491][11/18]	Time 2.06 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8000 (8.9704)
Epoch:[2491][12/18]	Time 1.91 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5762 (8.9401)
Epoch:[2491][13/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8788 (8.9357)
Epoch:[2491][14/18]	Time 1.63 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2199 (8.9546)
Epoch:[2491][15/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5775 (8.9311)
Epoch:[2491][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6032 (8.9118)
Epoch:[2491][17/18]	Time 1.75 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3956 (8.8831)
epoch 2491 finished, takes 33.284446477890015 seconds
Epoch:[2492][ 0/18]	Time 1.95 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1603 (9.1603)
Epoch:[2492][ 1/18]	Time 2.04 (2.00)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1980 (9.1792)
Epoch:[2492][ 2/18]	Time 1.74 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9913 (9.1165)
Epoch:[2492][ 3/18]	Time 2.08 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1924 (9.1355)
Epoch:[2492][ 4/18]	Time 1.92 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5796 (9.0243)
Epoch:[2492][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.93)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8337 (8.9925)
Epoch:[2492][ 6/18]	Time 1.75 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6559 (8.9444)
Epoch:[2492][ 7/18]	Time 1.98 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5485 (8.8949)
Epoch:[2492][ 8/18]	Time 2.16 (1.94)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5737 (8.8592)
Epoch:[2492][ 9/18]	Time 1.70 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0100 (8.8743)
Epoch:[2492][10/18]	Time 1.76 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0649 (8.8917)
Epoch:[2492][11/18]	Time 1.82 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8373 (8.8871)
Epoch:[2492][12/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7590 (8.8773)
Epoch:[2492][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2182 (8.9016)
Epoch:[2492][14/18]	Time 2.10 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8739 (8.8998)
Epoch:[2492][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3657 (8.8664)
Epoch:[2492][16/18]	Time 1.67 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6335 (8.8527)
Epoch:[2492][17/18]	Time 1.94 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2609 (8.8754)
epoch 2492 finished, takes 34.18182897567749 seconds
Epoch:[2493][ 0/18]	Time 1.91 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1588 (9.1588)
Epoch:[2493][ 1/18]	Time 1.90 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9074 (9.0331)
Epoch:[2493][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7725 (8.9462)
Epoch:[2493][ 3/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6253 (8.8660)
Epoch:[2493][ 4/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4226 (8.9773)
Epoch:[2493][ 5/18]	Time 2.10 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6662 (8.9255)
Epoch:[2493][ 6/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7854 (8.9055)
Epoch:[2493][ 7/18]	Time 1.69 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2305 (8.9461)
Epoch:[2493][ 8/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7883 (8.9286)
Epoch:[2493][ 9/18]	Time 1.94 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9658 (8.9323)
Epoch:[2493][10/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6890 (8.9102)
Epoch:[2493][11/18]	Time 1.73 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4619 (8.8728)
Epoch:[2493][12/18]	Time 1.75 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1748 (8.8960)
Epoch:[2493][13/18]	Time 1.66 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3687 (8.8584)
Epoch:[2493][14/18]	Time 1.89 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6481 (8.8444)
Epoch:[2493][15/18]	Time 2.11 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4085 (8.8796)
Epoch:[2493][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7235 (8.8704)
Epoch:[2493][17/18]	Time 1.95 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9955 (8.8774)
epoch 2493 finished, takes 33.68141436576843 seconds
Epoch:[2494][ 0/18]	Time 1.74 (1.74)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1682 (9.1682)
Epoch:[2494][ 1/18]	Time 1.85 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6475 (8.9079)
Epoch:[2494][ 2/18]	Time 1.86 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6807 (8.8321)
Epoch:[2494][ 3/18]	Time 1.86 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2259 (8.9306)
Epoch:[2494][ 4/18]	Time 1.82 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0404 (8.9525)
Epoch:[2494][ 5/18]	Time 1.76 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6657 (8.9047)
Epoch:[2494][ 6/18]	Time 2.01 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1132 (8.9345)
Epoch:[2494][ 7/18]	Time 1.88 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6155 (8.8946)
Epoch:[2494][ 8/18]	Time 1.94 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6628 (8.8689)
Epoch:[2494][ 9/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2908 (8.9111)
Epoch:[2494][10/18]	Time 1.81 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.1955 (8.8460)
Epoch:[2494][11/18]	Time 1.76 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9338 (8.8533)
Epoch:[2494][12/18]	Time 2.16 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6093 (8.8346)
Epoch:[2494][13/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8167 (8.8333)
Epoch:[2494][14/18]	Time 1.95 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9079 (8.8383)
Epoch:[2494][15/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9258 (8.8437)
Epoch:[2494][16/18]	Time 1.93 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0671 (8.8569)
Epoch:[2494][17/18]	Time 2.13 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.4198 (8.8881)
epoch 2494 finished, takes 33.81011462211609 seconds
Epoch:[2495][ 0/18]	Time 1.87 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9410 (8.9410)
Epoch:[2495][ 1/18]	Time 1.88 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.2935 (8.6172)
Epoch:[2495][ 2/18]	Time 1.80 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5962 (8.6102)
Epoch:[2495][ 3/18]	Time 1.69 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9139 (8.6861)
Epoch:[2495][ 4/18]	Time 1.88 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8552 (8.7200)
Epoch:[2495][ 5/18]	Time 1.71 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0037 (8.7672)
Epoch:[2495][ 6/18]	Time 1.96 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6958 (8.7570)
Epoch:[2495][ 7/18]	Time 2.13 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2976 (8.8246)
Epoch:[2495][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7546 (8.8168)
Epoch:[2495][ 9/18]	Time 2.14 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4303 (8.7782)
Epoch:[2495][10/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.1639 (8.7223)
Epoch:[2495][11/18]	Time 1.77 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5781 (8.7103)
Epoch:[2495][12/18]	Time 2.02 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8959 (8.7246)
Epoch:[2495][13/18]	Time 2.08 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9768 (8.7426)
Epoch:[2495][14/18]	Time 1.91 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4414 (8.7225)
Epoch:[2495][15/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7911 (8.7268)
Epoch:[2495][16/18]	Time 1.77 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4416 (8.7100)
Epoch:[2495][17/18]	Time 1.82 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4575 (8.6960)
epoch 2495 finished, takes 33.74245762825012 seconds
Epoch:[2496][ 0/18]	Time 1.88 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8387 (8.8387)
Epoch:[2496][ 1/18]	Time 2.01 (1.95)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7815 (8.8101)
Epoch:[2496][ 2/18]	Time 1.84 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1955 (8.9386)
Epoch:[2496][ 3/18]	Time 1.76 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8448 (8.9151)
Epoch:[2496][ 4/18]	Time 1.74 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9511 (8.9223)
Epoch:[2496][ 5/18]	Time 1.74 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7127 (8.8874)
Epoch:[2496][ 6/18]	Time 2.02 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9306 (8.8936)
Epoch:[2496][ 7/18]	Time 1.78 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8064 (8.8827)
Epoch:[2496][ 8/18]	Time 1.66 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8746 (8.8818)
Epoch:[2496][ 9/18]	Time 1.85 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5649 (8.8501)
Epoch:[2496][10/18]	Time 1.97 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6833 (8.8349)
Epoch:[2496][11/18]	Time 2.18 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8094 (8.8328)
Epoch:[2496][12/18]	Time 1.82 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0576 (8.8501)
Epoch:[2496][13/18]	Time 1.80 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8787 (8.8521)
Epoch:[2496][14/18]	Time 1.83 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7118 (8.8428)
Epoch:[2496][15/18]	Time 1.85 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3103 (8.8720)
Epoch:[2496][16/18]	Time 2.02 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8370 (8.8699)
Epoch:[2496][17/18]	Time 1.77 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4944 (8.8491)
epoch 2496 finished, takes 33.527647733688354 seconds
Epoch:[2497][ 0/18]	Time 1.66 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 7.9600 (7.9600)
Epoch:[2497][ 1/18]	Time 1.65 (1.66)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6640 (8.3120)
Epoch:[2497][ 2/18]	Time 1.69 (1.67)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7199 (8.4480)
Epoch:[2497][ 3/18]	Time 2.04 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3035 (8.6619)
Epoch:[2497][ 4/18]	Time 1.77 (1.76)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7674 (8.6830)
Epoch:[2497][ 5/18]	Time 1.85 (1.78)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7225 (8.6896)
Epoch:[2497][ 6/18]	Time 1.84 (1.79)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1939 (8.7616)
Epoch:[2497][ 7/18]	Time 1.67 (1.77)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7261 (8.7572)
Epoch:[2497][ 8/18]	Time 2.14 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4310 (8.7209)
Epoch:[2497][ 9/18]	Time 1.78 (1.81)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7055 (8.7194)
Epoch:[2497][10/18]	Time 2.01 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.1803 (8.7613)
Epoch:[2497][11/18]	Time 1.89 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.2091 (8.7986)
Epoch:[2497][12/18]	Time 1.78 (1.83)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8136 (8.7998)
Epoch:[2497][13/18]	Time 2.02 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6242 (8.7872)
Epoch:[2497][14/18]	Time 1.97 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9773 (8.7999)
Epoch:[2497][15/18]	Time 1.76 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4545 (8.7783)
Epoch:[2497][16/18]	Time 2.03 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9833 (8.7904)
Epoch:[2497][17/18]	Time 2.01 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5036 (8.7744)
epoch 2497 finished, takes 33.57189989089966 seconds
Epoch:[2498][ 0/18]	Time 1.97 (1.97)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5581 (8.5581)
Epoch:[2498][ 1/18]	Time 1.66 (1.82)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.3603 (8.4592)
Epoch:[2498][ 2/18]	Time 2.08 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0264 (8.6483)
Epoch:[2498][ 3/18]	Time 1.94 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6641 (8.6522)
Epoch:[2498][ 4/18]	Time 1.68 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9405 (8.7099)
Epoch:[2498][ 5/18]	Time 2.18 (1.92)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9830 (8.7554)
Epoch:[2498][ 6/18]	Time 1.79 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0866 (8.8027)
Epoch:[2498][ 7/18]	Time 1.66 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0368 (8.8320)
Epoch:[2498][ 8/18]	Time 1.98 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.3862 (8.8935)
Epoch:[2498][ 9/18]	Time 1.75 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8776 (8.8920)
Epoch:[2498][10/18]	Time 1.89 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8193 (8.8853)
Epoch:[2498][11/18]	Time 1.85 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7246 (8.8720)
Epoch:[2498][12/18]	Time 1.84 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8753 (8.8722)
Epoch:[2498][13/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8596 (8.8713)
Epoch:[2498][14/18]	Time 1.86 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7755 (8.8649)
Epoch:[2498][15/18]	Time 2.04 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8461 (8.8638)
Epoch:[2498][16/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0906 (8.8771)
Epoch:[2498][17/18]	Time 2.03 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6750 (8.8659)
epoch 2498 finished, takes 33.971325635910034 seconds
Epoch:[2499][ 0/18]	Time 1.84 (1.84)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9683 (8.9683)
Epoch:[2499][ 1/18]	Time 1.86 (1.85)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6523 (8.8103)
Epoch:[2499][ 2/18]	Time 1.97 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0041 (8.8749)
Epoch:[2499][ 3/18]	Time 1.91 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6045 (8.8073)
Epoch:[2499][ 4/18]	Time 1.95 (1.91)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5235 (8.7505)
Epoch:[2499][ 5/18]	Time 1.75 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4056 (8.6930)
Epoch:[2499][ 6/18]	Time 1.90 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 9.0845 (8.7490)
Epoch:[2499][ 7/18]	Time 1.92 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7030 (8.7432)
Epoch:[2499][ 8/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8095 (8.7506)
Epoch:[2499][ 9/18]	Time 2.15 (1.90)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.8504 (8.7606)
Epoch:[2499][10/18]	Time 1.78 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.4892 (8.7359)
Epoch:[2499][11/18]	Time 1.78 (1.88)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.7599 (8.7379)
Epoch:[2499][12/18]	Time 1.93 (1.89)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6488 (8.7310)
Epoch:[2499][13/18]	Time 1.62 (1.87)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.9682 (8.7480)
Epoch:[2499][14/18]	Time 1.76 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6957 (8.7445)
Epoch:[2499][15/18]	Time 1.92 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.5226 (8.7306)
Epoch:[2499][16/18]	Time 1.84 (1.86)	Data 0.00 (0.00)	Loss 8.6877 (8.7281)
saving runtime checkpoint ...
Perform pulsedataset 1st trimester classification (contain 25610 images and 5 classes)
recall:  0.5590294107908603  precision:  0.6079270994705835  f1:  0.5036871433557958 perclass recall:  [0.98930354 0.74013158 0.74803768 0.18812375 0.1295505 ]
Perform pulsedataset 2nd trimester classification (contain 5225 images and 8 classes)
recall:  0.742807932037229  precision:  0.7642640971919643  f1:  0.7448029977016376 perclass recall:  [0.96108949 0.6        0.79910714 0.74603175 0.6835443  0.7027027
 0.75915222 0.69083585]
Perform ultrasound external classification (contain 5244 images and 6 classes)
recall:  0.7033172788974834  precision:  0.7035921278235765  f1:  0.6896602001725167 perclass recall:  [0.43854749 0.96331522 0.96744186 0.4370229  0.9030303  0.51054591]
Epoch:[2499][17/18]	Time 12.72 (2.47)	Data 10.55 (0.59)	Loss 8.8277 (8.7336)
epoch 2499 finished, takes 44.41128706932068 seconds
Training from ep 800 to ep 2500 finished
